{"review": "i absolutely love love love this place . it 's one of my favorite restaurants in the valley . everything i 've eaten here is wonderful , cooked to perfection and with zest . i love the fact that they have real wasabi and not that horseradish paste that 's dyed green . there are a bunch of things i would recommend but my favorite is the wasabi chicken . oh wow , what a pleasure this is . everything else is awesome too . i ca n't even think of one thing i did n't like . the alcohol menu is huge , the saki list is grand and they taste wonderful . if you have questions about saki just ask your waiter , they know their sake . the ambiance is fun , i love to sit outside now that the patio is done . head on out ... i ca n't even hear the name of this place without having a craving for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very long-overdue yelp ! looking for a unique place to celebrate a birthday for a party of 10 , we decided to try sens last summer based on how amazing the old fate was when chef owner johnny chu ran it . killer cocktail menu : there are endless unique concoctions and hard to find beers . the hitachino nest red rice beer is a must try , even if you 're not usually a beer drinker ( the only other place in town i 've found this beer is at sportsman 's , it is soooo goood ) . because everything on the menu looked so darn good , we decided to ask our server to let chef johnny do all the choosing for us- which was definitely the right move . we must have tried 10 different dishes , and the server coursed our meal beautifully . though each tapas was equally delicious , i have to say the star of the night was the whole flash-fried catfish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am profoundly saddened to hear that sens will be closing 5 6 2012 . sens is the best place to eat in downtown phoenix , in my opinion . johnny chu will be moving to a new location on central and thomas , opening in june '12 . it will have some of the same familiar items that the sens menu had but also some new ones to match his new fresh concept . he will be naming it shochu house . get down to sens before it closes to enjoy some of the greatest food ever ! ! thank you sens for so many great years , amazing food , and kick ass sake ! ! ! i and downtown phoenix will miss you . see you at shochu in june ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cute place and the food was delicious . loved the sweet and sour soup ( unlike any version i 've ever had before ) . it was yummy spicy , with pasta , veggies and a great light broth ! i loved the shared tapas plates and enjoyed everything we had a tofu red curry ( spicy and yummy ) , rice and beef bbq . what a great spot and recommend if your in town that you grab dinner ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a horrible service experience here . saturday night : wife and i had a rare night out and excited to check out the restaurant we 've heard much about . had reservations , but still waited 20 min to get seated even though we could see open tables . not a big deal , but it got worse . we waited another 15 min before the waitress came by and then still waited another 30 min before our drinks came to the table . we spoke up , politely : they acknowledged and apologized , but did n't seem to really care . they even forgot to bring out one of small plates we ordered . a couple of plates were tasty and a couple left much to be desired ... .seemed okay , not nearly as good as all the hype . we wo n't be returning and i ca n't imagine this place will be in business much longer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if an alcoholic beverage could be described as beautiful tasting then sens ' moonstone coconut lemongrass sake earns it . i 'm a fan of unfiltered sake and this one was delicious tasting , smelling . the wasabi tofu was also excellent . i was skeptical of the dessert wonton , but i enjoyed it 's subtle sweetness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dined here 4 times . this is a downtown phoenix highlight . the menu exposes asian japanese flavors in small plates and bowls ranging from curried mussels to mint-lime beef carpacio that a great home cook ca n't duplicate . i 've never had a bad taste here - drink and food included . the semi-exposed kitchen allows for sounds and smells to reach your table . please have - hot & sour soup . staff is good . they get your food quickly and correctly . for those that are turned off by the terms `` hip '' and `` trendy '' -- do n't go . m. flowers", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it only took 1 suggestion , to make out with sens . yup , im that easy . the tapas was good shit and their sake list was ridiculously long ( thats what she said ) . argh ! ! i still felt hungry after the volcano thingie and wontons though . i should have left a personal item on purpose just so i would have to go back and see sens again . its a good spot to take a date , drink sake and make out with them in the bathroom .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took a friend from out of town and had the perfect night at sens . our waitress was awesome , and the food , music and drinks were pretty much perfect . got mackerel sushi that was really tasty . duck salad was delicate and delicious . shu mai , panko shrimp , about 4 other dishes later we were stuffed and pleasantly sauced on sake and white wine . dj slipped into an 80 's coma for a track or so , but was otherwise on the spot . and again , very reasonably priced -- $ 60 per person for three lazy hours of noshing and boozing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was s l o w. toook a l o n g time for someone to greet us and when they did only dropped off menus . wait . wait . we ordered beverages and food at same time . things showed up one by one ... i ordered the spicy basil which was very flavorful and i thought was the best tasting of the 3 entrees .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a nice little walk from my apartment , this place is a cute little restaurant off 1st street . the decor and ambience are pleasing , with a dj that plays the kind of music i prefer . the wait staff are attentive and friendly , with constant refills of the water and help with the menu . i 've only been here once , but i 'll give it another try . the fried tofu triangles with the spicy ginger sauce were tasty . the spring roll that was called mango papaya had no flavors of mango or papaya whatsoever , although i did detect mint . the flavorings were delicious , but the spring roll was just kind of bland .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came here after the giants spring training game . the dj spinning the tunes had some pretty good beats . there is n't much open late , but luckily we were able to find this on yelp . we ordered a number of tapa 's plates such as the tofu , edamame , pork buns , xiao lum bao 's , miso soup , spicy noodles , spicy shrimp , and a few others . it was good , but not fabulous . it seems like they use the same style when trying to make their dishes spicy . it had the same spice to it each time , so the chef should change this up . overall the price is okay . the drinks were n't that good , my wife said her drink was n't very good . i do n't think i will come back here as there are much better fusion places in places like ca and ny . but i guess for phx , it 's okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my boyfriend has been hyping up this restaurant since last time he came out to phoenix and i have to give him credit , it did not disappoint . i 've never been to an asian fusion tapas bar quite like this but what a concept ! they have a huge sake and asian beer menu too , i 've never seen anything like it . we had a large party which is perfect for ordering tapas style like this . i think we tried pretty much everything on the menu and i loved every last thing i ate . among the standouts were the bacon wrapped lychee , chicken lollipops , hong kong wontons , volcano flamed beef , red curry tofu , and my favorite : the spicy basil fish . we ordered a couple more of those as well as the lollipops . just go and order anything off their menu , it 's truly amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mmmm . this is good . we sk8ed from 3rd st to moreland which turned into 1st street . kind of a cool , creepy little sk8 past the coronado hotel and then there it is , sens . with boards safely tucked under the table we order wasabi , citron & sesame tofu tapas and someone orders red curry tofu and someone else papaya mango spring rolls . we have entered sauce heaven ! i 'm not quite sure what has happened , but my legs are wobbly as i get up from the table and i feel like a school girl with a new crush .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "3 words : red curry tofu . i dream about it . they sneak some amazing stuff in there : okra , pineapple , button mushrooms . the sauce in incredible . a dream for vegetarians . do n't be in a hurry at sens . eat a little . eat a little more . drink a phenomenal cocktail ( so worth the splurge ) . eat some more . the service is not quick but is always lovely . the dj 's always spin good tunes , though not always of the same genre . one night seemed to be early 90 's hip-hop , another night was like listening to my my morning jacket pandora station .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well it almost feels redundant at this point after 168 reviews posted for sens , but for the love of sriracha this place was spectacular ! once i got over the drool from reading the menu and actually tried several of the vegetarian options , i started scheduling my next visit . holy thai basil , the flavors were impressive . the taste was comforting and exotic at the same time and the dishes very visually pleasing . the house infused vodkas and shochu are delicious . paired with the swanky semi-punk vibe , you 've got a nice cocktail to wash down that sesame tofu . i did take one star for the disappointing okra . is that fair to take away a whole star for a vegetable nobody like anyway ? i do n't know . i love okra and i 'm sad it was n't given a fair presentation . i 'll definitely be bringing my out-of-towners here to show case the fancy food and funky atmosphere in phoenix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite downtown stops . so many saki choices ! the tapas are all great . i love every single menu item ( and yes i 've had all of them at one point or another ) . bacon wrapped dates = perfection . service is faster than any other restaurant i 've been to downtown . bartenders make excellent drinks and are very friendly and fun to be around . it gets busy on friday and saturday evenings , but rightfully so , it 's awesome ! there 's outdoor seating , indoor seating and tons of bar seating . awesome and hip downtown hangout !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sens is pretty dang good . nice , upbeat atmosphere , young crowd ( 21-40 ) and yes the food is good . the prices are a little too high for the size of the portion you get .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first experience with any sort of tapas . the food was very tasty and the atmosphere was awesome . i had the marinated steak that you cook on a hot stone at your table ... ca n't remember what it was called , but it was great . i also had some spicy chicken wontons that came with a spicy ginger sauce ... mmmmm !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sigh ... the search for anything remotely asian ( authentic or fusion ) continues . coming from the bay area expectations are high . yes we adjusted our expectations accordingly for the phoenix area . the food had a ton of heat but lacked actual flavor . napa rolls : napa cabbage wrapped shrimp in a ponzu sauce , the dish was cooked well but nothing stoodout either ginger mint duck salad : douced with spicey chilli sauce , the `` salad '' was drowning in a pool of liquid , there is no duck taste as at all red thai curry chicken wings : plain awful ! terrible spicys used and horrible consistency , the chicken was marinated in something super salty and then they mixed in a `` curry '' sauce that conflicted with the taste wasabe tofu : never had tofu with such a heavy batter on it , it was not light and delicate , beware of the sauce which is 5:1 ratio of wasabi to ponzu , you ca n't even taste the tofu if you use the sauce", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went here for my birthday . i was able to make a reservation for a friday night for 14 people only a few days before . they set us up at a long table with plenty of room for everyone . they had a great selection of sake , and different prices to accommodate everyone . now ... the food ! oh man , it was so good . i think the favorite was the volcano flamed . the spicy wonton was really good , and something different . the sauces that it came with were really delicious . also delicious was the cold duck . yummmm . it highly recommend for a special night out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well i 've had luck with them in the past . but recently i ordered a new psu for my pc from newegg . package was delivered at 8 friggin pm . package was left on the front door , i only assume they did n't knock . not cool man , the box had newegg branding and everything . what if my ish got jacked by my neighbors ? now , i 'm playing the waiting game for my new case . says `` out for delivery '' at around 9 am . guess what , its 9:40 pm as i type this and my damn case still ai n't here . i mean i could care less if my case is a day late . it 's just that i do n't like the fact my stuff says out for delivery but has not arrived the day of . maybe i 'm just impatient when it comes to my new toys ... ? mind you , when they get it right , it 's pretty awesome you get stuff earlier than expected though . so i 'd give them that ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible experience with ontrac and ordering items through amazon . customer service seems clueless even when you provide them with a tracking number and customer information . recently said item could n't be delivered . i never received a door tag or notification from ontrac . next update was that it was being held by them , so i called to find out why . verified my information and cs rep said would be out on the truck the next day . waited next day and called and they said the item was delivered . amazon text status said that the item was being returned to seller . ontrac had sent the item back to the amazon seller . very incompetent and based on othe reviews and experiences in other cities it does n't feel like i 'm alone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible shipping time . they said it was delivered front door and 2 days later still did not arrive . called the office to ask if i needed to pick up the package and they couldnt even reach their driver . all in all this company is shit and can not be trusted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my home has a court yard with a gate that has no lock . it is so easy to open that high winds can blow it open . fedex , ups , & usps all deliver packages to the front door . most ring the bell to let me know i have a package . no problem opening the gate . not ontrac- they leave packages on the outside of the gate . how stupid & lazy can they be . amazon sent text stating i had a package delivered . i now know i will have to put a note on the gate when amazon advises a delivery so ontrac will put inside the gate . how so tacky ! this is the third time ontrac has put packages outside of the gate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only 1 star since i do n't have an option of leaving zero stars . time sensitive materials to arrive today ( shipped last night ) . driver must be blind or illiterate as he claims he came to my address and left a door tag . my office is open 24 7 , entrance manned by security . i called & told the rep the above & was told i was mistaken , business closed . um , i think i know if my office is open or not . i will never use this company again , nor will i do business with someone who does .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was super sad of receiving notice my amazon order to my los angeles address was delivered but never got it . i inquired with my building manager & neighbors where nothing was located . i called in and the amazon csr informed me it was lost by ontrac . the amazon csr was empathetic & fair . amazon nicely is giving me a full refund .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "supposed to have 4 packages delivered but i only received 3 . call them and told them i 'm missing a package and they 're telling me that they delivered it all . meanwhile i have them on surveillance camera showing that they only delivered three packages . emailed them again and call them they said they 'll send someone over to my house to look for the package . how you going to look for a package that was never even there . then nobody came to my house from ontrac to look for the package and i have surveillance showing again to prove them wrong . they emailed me saying someone came by . i guess they have a ghost rider because no one or a truck from ontrac came by my house or to my block that day . company is very dishonest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "whether its a zara , amazon , or newegg order this company has failed me every time . i got the run around 3 times in a row . first i have to wait two hours just to get ahold of someone at ontrac . they then tell me to get a hold of the company that i purchased the product from . i then call the company i purchased my product from and recieve a case number . this turns into a week long process that ends in a refund or a redelivery . i have gone the refund route and i refuse to deal with any company that ships through ontrac . if you get a tracking number from this shipping service good luck . its a waste of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i paid extra to receive a package with 2-day delivery . the delivery person saw my gate and left without attempting to deliver the package . i 've been on the phone for over an hour trying to get ahold of someone to find out why this mistake happened . i am disgusted with the lack of professionalism and service . i will also lodge a complaint with amazon .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "funny how after writting my poor review of ontrac i got a response the next day . i responded to it with the tracking number as requested . i also got a response from my first email stating that they never received the package from the vendor . this is a lie , i have spoken with the vendor and ontrac picked up the package on 6 9 16 . since ontrac responded to my review i have not heard anything from them since . that just shows me i was right in my first review . ontrac has no customer service , my son had this same problem with ontrac a couple months ago , so this is not just one incendence . i stand by my review ontrac is the worst shipping company . they just dont care if you get your shipment as long as they get your money for the shipping charges .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible courier service , try to find another alternative . ordered 1 item off amazon that was 2-day shipping and the package did n't even arrive . ontrac failed to update the tracking and so i ended up refunding my purchase altogether .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst shipping company ever . i wish i could give negative stars . amazon used them to ship my package . i had to call them and demand they deliver since i paid for expedited shipping . do not use them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had two experiences with this `` outfit '' and both were terrible . 1 ) . they delivered a wine club delivery to the wrong address . as no one there was home they held the delivery . wine held in vegas summer heat ... not good.. unable to read and find addresses should be a prerequisite for delivery drivers . thankfully the wine club reshipped my order via ups . 2 ) . a recent amazon order was a two day prime delivery . they made it three . driver did a ring and run , but i caught him and told him amazon had rerouted for return and i was refusing delivery . lo and behold , minutes later i find the driver had `` snuck '' back and left the package anyway . i was appalled that their drivers could n't find correct addresses , but to sneak around and leave the package as delivered , i.e . online shows as delivered signed by me ( based upon label addressee ) . well , they are beyond dishonest . if i could give minus stars , i would . avoid ontrac at all costs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are horrible . package still not here , although marked as delivered . how is ontrac still in business ? !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no stars ! ordered twice with kohls . apparently they did n't provide my full address , called twice ( was on hold for an hour and a half ) and an emailed the company once . explained in detail what was going on , they took my information and assured me my packages will be delivered the next business day . checked on line to find out my packages were on hold at the warehouse . drove to their location on sandhill and they were not aware i had already spoke to a representative . do n't know why anyone business would willingly use this company !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worse service ever , never rang bell also left package not even at front door but 7ft from the door in the middle of walkway..i live on a very busy street corner , anyone could have just walked off with this..ridiculous ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dangerous drivers and throwing packages at front doors from 20 ' away . do n't use these guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would like to give ontrac a better rating but i would also like world peace . this is not the first time a package has not been delivered as scheduled . i do not know why amazon continues to use this company . i was supposed to receive a package yesterday but it was a no show . today , i attempted to contact ontrac and was on hold for so long that i finally gave up . if the item is not delivered today , i will be forced to cancel my order with amazon . ontrac make me appreciate the us postal service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "two packages say that they were delivered yesterday and we were home all day . the packages are missing . i called the same night and again this morning . they still can not locate the packages . they can not have the driver look until after 5pm which is over 24 hours after they said the packages were delivered . this is a christmas present that can not be re-ordered . worst delivery company out there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "despite leaving a clear message at my door to not deliver packages ( there 's a leasing office ; packages are left there ) , the driver lifted the doormat ( which is where the message is ) and used it to attempt to hide the package . dude actually moved the sign out of the way in order to do what the sign said not to do . how does an illiterate person manage to deliver packages ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "laziest courier drivers on my route . always just tossing the packages at the door , never putting them inside . just lazy . good note : ca products arrive fast , but still ... .. your job is delivery ... ..deliver the package ... do n't toss it around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had nothing but a perfectly smooth delivery from ontrac for my amazon product this morning ! the gentlemen knocked at my door and waited til i opened it to hand me my package in my apartment complex . very good service and though i was concerned ( based on the other reviews here ) , i was pleasantly surprised . ... perhaps they are trying harder to give good service now . keep up the good work ontrac las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shipments do n't get to destinations on time . bad customer service . there 's not much else to say about a shipping company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has got to be the worst shipping company of them all ! ! do n't know if the drivers are just lazy or stupid ! ! this is the second time i 've had a package that said it was delivered to my front door and it was not ! when you call the 800 # you wait forever for an agent ( i guess i 'm not the only one who does n't get their packages ) . avoid this company ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "like other reviewers , i would give them no stars but that was n't an option . worst company every for shipping ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i will never shop from a retailer that uses this company . the are clueless and unmotivated and not to mention the call center ( or lack there of ) , the worst and such an insult when you are on hold and you hear the recording that says `` your calls important to us '' whatever . with one package we were on hold for over 3.5 hours ! ! really ... . and when we told the rep she looked it up and just giggled . poor excuse for a company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst customer service i 've ever dealt with . we order 15-20 boxes per week . these people could really care less if you support them or not so we will not . this is the 3rd delay on sunrise service in 3 months . we 're done with this poor service company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter ordered something from sephora about a week ago . three days later it was `` delivered '' it was tossed in front of my door . nobody ever knocked on our door ! my son happened to go to the store and saw it on the ground . i live in an apartment complex and someone could 've just picked it up . i would n't have know . i 'm 10000000 % positive nobody knocked because i have a loud chihuahua that goes crazy at the slightest knock and i was home all day . i have a another package coming in any day from kohl 's and unfortunately they 're the `` delivery company '' i 'm scared because this is my husbands christmas gift . i pray it goes well", "score": "3"}
{"review": "could this company be any worse ? i ordered from amazon , package shows delivered yesterday . no package . call ontrac customer service , i wait 35 minutes until they answer , then she tells me `` it was delivered yesterday '' . i said , no it was n't . she says `` let me page the driver '' . 5 minutes later she gets me off hold and says : `` the driver left the package by your door , but if you do n't have the package the driver will go back and recover the package '' i said what ? ? ? ? you mean the driver has the package ? she said `` no , he does n't . but he will go back to your house and correct the delivery . he will call before getting to your house '' wtf ? really ? these guys are just marking packages delivered so they can get the money from amazon , how unethical . it is past 8 pm , of course no call , no package ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered a computer from walmart , shipped by ontrac . it states it was delivered on 12 21 @ 2:55 pm , but i never received it . what 's more strange is there is no log of a delivery from our guard . i called and george was suppose to call me back nearly a week ago and i have not heard back . there is some serious intriguity issues with this company . now i am on hold , have been for 40 mins trying to talk with someone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered something from bodybuilding.com , sat at home all day waiting for my package to arrive and at about 8 at night i walked outside to realize it was delivered . no one ever knocked ( or my dog would have gone nuts ) , no clue when it was delivered . thank goodness someone didnt walk by and grab my package . i have another package coming from bodybuilding.com and they used ontrac again . i may take off work and sit outside all day so they do n't decide to just leave it without knocking again . so frustrating ! please teach your drivers how to knock on a door ! ! or at least throw my package in the backyard so no one can grab it ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never use ontrac for your shipping needs . not only did they email me yesterday ( while i was home ) that my package was delivered to my front door ( it was n't ) but when i called ( the second time ) this morning to find out the status , the rep said she would make sure the driver would deliver it to our apartment . luckily the driver ( still not sure where he delivered it originally as he told the rep that he took it to a management office which was not on the delivery notice ) did bring it back but took it to our management office who told us that he wanted to drop it off there without saying who it was for ! i do want to say that will and the woman i spoke with on the phone were both professional and did a great job of finding my package and why i 'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 . but holy cow that wait !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as a business owner i can say that the customer service side of ontrac is the absolute worst . if i ever need to call them the hold time is always 45 minutes , they 'll lie and say it 's an `` unexpected '' high call volume , it 's been this way for years . the shipping side of ontrac seems to be good , but when you need to contact them it 's a pain . you ca n't even call them to schedule a delivery unless you want to wait on hold for almost an hour . when i want to pay ontrac money i ca n't even do that , they do n't have online billing , i have to call and wait forever just to pay them . ups is n't much better . i wish dhl was still around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "another 3 packages , not delivered . whenever i receive an email saying that ontrac will be the company delivering , i automatically know it will be a hassle -- if i even end up getting my items . this time it was from jet.com , generally i have issues when i order from kohls.com with them . they do n't try to contact you , if you contact them -- it 's really hit or miss if they 're going to try to resolve it . i track the packages and contacted them as soon as i realized i would not be receiving them today . we 'll see how this one goes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i must be lucky because both times my shipment from ebay and newegg were processed through ontrac , i got my items very fast . plus , i was able to drive to the office since i live about five minutes away and get the items myself . i called the day i saw my packaged arrived at the office and asked to come in . both times they allowed me to come despite them about to leave for home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i know now that when i see my amazon order is being delivered by ontrac it will be either late or lost . we receive 10-15 orders a week from amazon without incident with the exception of those being handled by this horrible company . what kills me is that for whatever reason amazon continues to use them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid doing business with this company . i had a package sent from china , and had the same issue as kim g. i anxiously tracked the package to los angeles . after that , it became a 'black hole , showing 'in transit . ' but in transit where ? i was told the driver made 3 attempts ( thursday , friday , today ) . in all cases , i was here the entire day . i found one door tag upside down nearer my neighbor 's door . maybe the driver ca n't read numbers and knocked on the wrong door 3 days in a row ? i do n't know . literally , it seems the snafu came in the last 2 feet of delivery after coming 6,000 miles . worst . shipping . company . ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible service . they deliver medical supplies to my door every month . they have specific instructions not to leave packages at the door . they are supposed to them to my rental office if there is no answer at the door . they have left the packages by my door 3 months in a row . i have complained every month and nothing changes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you ca n't beat the price . buy one get one on pizza and ribs ( which are decent ) . i have health problems and a sensitive stomach and the sweet mild sauce has made me be able to enjoy pizza again . calzones are decent and salads as well . i definately reccomend this to fans of sweet mild sauce . you can order online now ( which is cool ) . recently moved back to the area and made this pizza pan my go to for pizza nights .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has the worst customer service . we have given them multiple chances , yet they always come up short . the first time we ordered , my husband and i ordered wings . i got the `` 1 2lb '' and he got the pound ... they were the exact same amount of skin and bone wings . when i called to complain , the lady basically told me tough luck . next time we ordered , it took almost two hours for our freezing pizza to come , with the wrong pop . once again i was told too bad . tonight , we said let 's just try again ... wow . placed our orders online and were waiting an hour , just to find out they are closed . on mondays . thanks for the email 15 minutes after the confirmation email .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thursday we ordered cheese pizza half sheet ... .terrible ! i will not be returning : crust was underbaked and white , ; tomatoe sauce and cheese were so skimpy you could not taste them . very disappointed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered $ 52.00 worth of pizza and wings and we were completely disappointed ! ! they changed their wings and they were horrible ! they were the smallest wings ever ! they were rubbery and under cooked even though i asked for extra crispy . never again ! ! they must be under new management or something and the new wings suck ! ! do n't waste your money ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love subway sandwiches ! i always go with either the steak and cheese or the oven roasted chicken breast sandwich . subways are always consistent on quality but service can vary drastically per location . this location is brand new . opened on 4 15 16 and service is on point . john was friendly and fast . made for a easy takeout order . though honestly this place is great for dine in as well . love the interior and wooden floors . just a pretty looking subway . i 've been to other subways in the area , there 's about 3 of them in a 1 2 mile radius , and this one is already my favorite . the other one down the street has super slow service late at night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here and ordered three footlongs . the clerk was checking us out before the last sandwich was even made and even though there were two people assembling on the line , i still had to repeat the veggies over until it was correct . the 2nd person to handle my sandwich was about to close my sandwich without asking me if i wanted any sauce or other condiments . the bread was cut almost all the way through so that made eating the sandwich messier than usual . they did n't even press the veggies in before closing , so the filling was loose . not that it mattered because the sandwich was n't put together well to begin with . it is clear that more training is required .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't usually rate chain restaurants because that seems silly ; you already know what to expect . but the staff here is great ! fyi there is a shortage of banana peppers at subways nationwide . i guess bad weather damaged a lot of the crop from their supplier . this devastating news was given to me by a staff member at the fort apache and sunset location halfway through making my salad . i apologized that i would have to cancel my order but i ca n't eat my salad without banana peppers . deciding that the shortage ca n't be true , i tried this subway location . the manager on duty confirmed that the shortage was true but that she thought this was going to happen and so ordered an extra box preemptively . what an amazing woman ! great management and friendly service . really clean and fast . banana peppers galore . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place love that its open 24 hours for my late night grub . also the employees there dont skimp you on the items you want on your sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worker amanda did not greet me when i first walked in . she was to busy carrying a conversation with an other customer about why she was passed over for a promotion . she continued to assist this costumer all the way through while i stood in line . no biggie . she finally gets to me and starts making my order . in the middle of my order another customer walks in and she stops making my order and begins to assists them . i begin to feel outraged . i stood in line and waited . why are these people being helped before me ? i had to be somewhere and she just did n't treat me fairly as the other customers . i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here tonight and arthur was absolutely awesome ! he works so hard and was running back and forth to make sure everything was getting done ( even though he was by himself ) . i came in around 10pm and he offered such great service and was genuine and nice about it . he needs some recognition for how hard he works at night ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly service . i only get 30mins for lunch . and i was 3rd in line i stood there no more then 2mins and had my food less then 5 min . it got busy as i was sitting here eating my lunch . and the 3 staff members kept smiling and pushing out the o rders fast . thank you for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite possibly the best sandwich experience i have ever had . the culinary expertise displayed by the remarkably considerate and helpful staff is a memory i will take with me the rest of my life .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amanda was amazing , cj was awesome as well . quality service and excellent employees ! ! ! ! keep up the good work ! they kept their smiles while some obviously intoxicated maniac came in and made them feel horrible , before deciding to leave her sandwich and running off to write a bad review . i 'm here to say that this subway is amazing and delicious ! ! ! keep it up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dont have the disposable income to eat 3 takeout meals a day . hell , im the schmuck who even makes a pot of coffee and carries it in a thermos ! i enjoy cooking , actually and aldi has errything i need to whip up stuff at the crib . the prices are right and the selection is good . they even sell handicapped toilet seats if thats the kind of kinky stuff your into ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "aldi is my happy place . they have everything i need all displayed in neat organized aisles . i 'm in and out in under 20 minutes ! aldi stocks top-notch private label staples , fresh meat and produce , and cheap household goods . the prices here ca n't be beat , especially if you 're used to shopping at giant eagle ! bring your quarter and reusable shopping bags and prepare to gain a fresh perspective on grocery shopping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the only bright point in the steelyard . this is the land of organic and non-gmo . unlike most aldi , this one is not cramped . always spotless , including the lot . as others have pointed out , bring your quarter for the cart , and your reusable bags . aldi is indeed cheap for most things . they are on par with save a lot in that regard . aldi , being aldi , carries organic apple cider vinegar , but zero white vinegar . they have begun carrying some national brands , like coca cola . employees are always great and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i consider myself an aldi aficionado . i feel like i can say that because i almost exclusively shop at aldis . why would n't you ? cheap food . minimal choice ( i think this is a good thing ! ) . less waste for bags , etc . this aldi always seems to have longer lines that i 'd like . they are n't bad , and maybe it 's just my timing , but i always seem to be waiting in line ! overall they 're pretty good at stocking things and there is always an ample clearance rack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "opening an aldi this close to downtown was a great , and much appreciated , move ! i went to this location on my lunch break last week to pick up stuff for the office snack closet , and found that it was the first time i 've ever been to an aldi where i was able to be in and out in under 5 minutes . also , everything was nice and organized and clean , and nothing that i was looking for was out of stock . do n't forget your bags and your quarter for the shopping cart !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new aldi and i need food ! well aldi 's are aldi 's there is no surprise here ... i still get squidgy when i have to use my card as debit and enter the pin . ( rarely carry cash ... ) they had a data breach a number of years back and ultimately found it to be an inside job . not like the target melee of today for sure but for this to occur back in the day was huge ! ! at least marc 's takes discover ... hey aldi 's wan na increase your customer base ? ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "check your mama cozzis pizza after you cook it ! i usually dont post warnings , but i thought it was only right to do so . we cooked it , i started to eat it , and 3 pieces in my girlfriend checked the bottom of hers and saw this green discoloration on the back ? wtf right ? so . suffice to say its money wasted and im keeping my fingers crossed that i dont get sick as i ate the first 3 pieces and didnt look this aldis is still a great store , the deals are great , but check this pizza before you eat it ! i 'll enclose a pic just to make ot clearer . cheers to aldis though . generally speaking , i still prefer it to giant eagle . fill your basket at giant eagle and get to $ 100 , then do the same at aldi . you 'll notice a difference . promise . cheers . let me know what you think if you have any questions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "average aldi 's . beware of the black kids that stand outside the door and harass you for money when you leave .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty much your typical aldi store . this one is kept clean and neat with great aldi prices . i do n't think i 've ever spent more than $ 20 in one trip before and i 'm usually buying a couple of bags worth of fresh produce , dairy , and pantry items . i 've had pretty good luck with the produce here , but it can be hit or miss , which can be expected at most aldi locations . as long as you 're not picky about brands , you 'll find almost anything you need here . if you 've never been to aldi before , make sure you have cash or a debit card ( no credit cards ! i learned that the hard way on my first visit ) , bring your own bags or be prepared to pay for some ( last i looked they were 10\u00a2 each ) , and bring a quarter for a shopping cart .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am frustrated to say after 6 months using them i am very unhappy with their attitude over the particulars . while my pool has been clean , i have found evidence backlash of them being here each and every time they 've came . and not in a good way.. last month , my grass that i work so hard to keep green died along the perimeter of my pool deck near the filter . i know this is the result of chemical spill spray because my son was famous for this type of mess ( when he was 12 ) . they left my gate ajar when leaving last month which made me spend the evening looking for my girlfriends dog , the skimmers are never clean clean they are knocked out but still not totally devoid of bugs . i know i 'm a pain in the neck but i 'm willing to pay alot for this service because i want it done right . this company fell short is all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "extremely unreliable ! we have struggled with this company for the last year . failed to show up for weekly service on several occasions . now we have not seen them in three weeks . we 've made multiple attempts to contact the office but our calls have gone unanswered . pool looks horrible . you 're fired ! first negative review i 've ever written . do not waist your time or money on these guys . yelp will not allow a post without a star so here is your 1 star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when i hire people to work on my property , i always ask if they have a business license . in 2012 , these guys did . after having some issues with them this year , i looked up their business info with the secretary of state . surprise , their license was revoked in 2012 ! still operating as a business . maybe that explains why they want to bill you ahead of time before services are rendered . i told him from the beginning , i do not pay for something i have not received yet . plus you know where i live , i can not find you if you do not show up to clean the pool . find some customers who do not care if you have an illegal business . needless to say , we have a new pool company that runs a legal business now .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "without a star one ca n't offer reviews , or warnings . i cancelled my services with mike today b c he 's unreliable and impossible to contact , no phones , no email replies , completely unresponsive . he dismantled my pool equipment in retaliation . beware of mike szczepaniak .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we lived at la privada apartments in scottsdale for just six months . there are many minuses : our place was a mess upon move in with a lot of issues . many were fixed after multiple requests . loud blowers from the gardeners start up many days in the week at 7:00am . rude ... substantial rent increases immediately upon lease expirations . our rent would have gone up over $ 200 at just six months . air conditioning unit will not cool down your place . the bedrooms are blitzing hot in summer and will cost you a small fortune as you have to run the air full time . we had to buy a portable unit even though the unit had air . management is mostly friendly , but needs a lot of reminders to take care of things . the units have nice layouts and we had ample space in our 2 bedroom model . that and the gym are the plusses .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have lived here for over three years and love it . great community people have been here for years . lovely grounds well maintained and the crew is awesome . the office staff are kind and helpful especially louie who has a heart of gold . i have been and continue to be very happy here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been living at la privada for the past 11 months . about three months ago a new management team came in and really had to deal with big issues . they dove in and all they asked of us tenants is patience . they have done everything they promised and more . i 'm so happy to be here and ca n't wait for further improvements . the pool , the clubhouse are going to updated starting this april . and they have added get togethers for our la privada community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cette librairie , qui portait le nom de librairie champigny avant qu'elle ne soit rachet\u00e9 par renaud-bray , est aujourd'hui la plus grande succursale de la cha\u00eene de librairies qu\u00e9b\u00e9coises . cet \u00e9tablissement , o\u00f9 on trouve environ 20 % de produits class\u00e9s dans la cat\u00e9gorie \u00abcadeaux\u00bb , comme les autres librairies de la cha\u00eene d'ailleurs , poss\u00e8de un tr\u00e8s vaste fonds litt\u00e9raire , capable de faire rougir jusqu'au plus ambitieux libraires ind\u00e9pendants du qu\u00e9bec . au rez-de-chauss\u00e9 , on retrouve les principales nouveaut\u00e9s de l'heure , de m\u00eame qu'un bon choix de revues et de magazines , tandis qu'au deuxi\u00e8me \u00e9tage , auquel on peut acc\u00e9der par l'entremise d'un escalier m\u00e9canique , on retrouve le fonds , class\u00e9 par th\u00e9matique . aussi , malgr\u00e9 que ce ne soit pas toutes les succursales de renaud-bray qui soient dot\u00e9 de libraires comp\u00e9tents , on retrouve dans cette derni\u00e8re des libraires qui connaissent leurs m\u00e9tiers . aussi , ce fait est d'autant moins \u00e9tonnant qu'on retrouve \u00e0 la m\u00eame adresse , dans des bureaux , le si\u00e8ge sociale de la cha\u00eene . bref , si vous voulez aller chez renaud-bray , c'est la succursale que je vous sugg\u00e8re !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a dollarstore for rich people . they sell a lot of \u00abcossin\u00bb ( ko-sain ) . which his a quebec term ( joual ) for crap ! lot of papers , boudha statue to the expensive journal made with a leather cover . i might hear you say : yeah ! cool ! superb ! awesome ! but this is a library . in quebec , library receive subvention from the goverment to promote culture . therefore , this store as basically 50 % of the store for \u00abcossins\u00bb and the other for 40 % for books and a small section for cd and dvd . as an ex-librarian i can tell you that the biggest issue with big company like renaud bray and archambault ( which is the main competitor ) is exactly that : selling quantities before quality . they prefer servant with next to no knowledge that will execute the task over knowledgeable personal . therefore it makes it harder and harder to get small author with small quantity distributed in those library .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what horrible , horrible customer service ! i never received notification of the item they shipped arriving , and when they told me it was unclaimed and i tried to get it reshipped ( and offered to pay the new shipping ) , they instead refunded me my money minus the shipping and 10 % ! why should i have to pay a huge amount for something i never received ? they were totally unwilling to work with me , rude , and certainly do n't care about their customers . i will never buy anything from them again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "je n'avais aucune id\u00e9e de l'histoire de cette succursale en particulier jusqu'\u00e0 ce que je prenne le temps de lire l'avis de julien . personnellement , j'aime bien renaud-bray parce que je peux facilement m'y perdre pendant quelques heures \u00e0 d\u00e9couvrir des nouveaux livres , de jolis cadeaux de toute sorte et des magazines d'un peu partout au travers le monde . c'est un peu comme un gros `` chapters '' mais francophone et qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois - raison de plus pour l'aimer . les produits d'ici sont \u00e0 la une et c'est quelque chose qu'on ne retrouve pas toujours dans des magasins comme celui-ci qui grandissent au point de se retrouver un peu partout dans la province . j'aime cette succursale parce qu'elle est grande , bien \u00e9clair\u00e9e et ouverte assez tard en soir\u00e9e . c'est l\u00e0 que j'y ai trouv\u00e9 quelques-uns de mes cadeaux de no\u00ebl , dont des pierres \u00e0 whisky pour mon futur beau-fr\u00e8re !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in again here last week . still love this place . mathieu is correct in that there is a large focus here on items that are not books or magazines ( there really is a lot of random stuff , some of which could make for a cool gift for some one in the us ) . personally , i do n't really mind all that . i did pick up a great guide here on quebecois french , as i am trying to familiarize myself with its differences from the french of france . their magazine selection is great and i 've found the staff to be quite helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not the most complete book store on the island . but it 's the only big one in the area and it 's open until 10pm so who 's complaining ! ? ! ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were super excited to check out the magazine selection in ca ... coming from the states we get very few forward modern magazines . the minute we stepped into the magazine section at this location the bookkeeper was incredibly rude . he was swooping in front of your face , grabbing a zine , throwing it here , whipping his cart around , getting 1 inch from your toes ... i mean , i could n't believe how rude . it was like no one was in his store , we were all invisible and he was rushing to get some task done before the world ended . we wanted to buy some zines but put them down and ran out before we got plowed over .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "book store on rue st denis . very big with two floors . children 's section with games on the bottom and adult section on top floor . staff were extremely helpful . organized and had an `` indigo like feel '' no cafe but we did purchase a few things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved this bookstore . it felt more like a department store than just a bookstore with all the cute displays and housewares for sale . loads and loads and loads of books . mostly in french but a nice english section . if you 're a fan of graphic novels and speak french then this is a place you simply must visit . i have never seen such a huge and varied selection . they had several beautiful post card displays ( a must for every visit ) and while there were loads of people you never felt like it was too busy to browse and enjoy the displays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is not necessarily a review of this location but of the chain in general . i love this bookstore . it 's the epitome of a bookish introvert girl wonderland . you need to check out all the nifty cat swag , cute little kitchenwares , and office supplies . i ca n't comment too much on the book section because i am an english speaker with poor french skills but browsing this store turned me onto a few books that i soon ordered in english back home . if i lived in the area i 'll be here all the time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "possibly the worst customer service ever ! i ordered a book , they sent it . it arrived damaged because of not enough packing to protect the book . they said they 'd send me another copy but only if i returned the damaged book and i pay the postage to return . completely indifferent to my pointing out that the damage was their fault . they only reply to email after several days go by and then claim it was because they were waiting for `` their superiors '' to give direction . i would n't have believed customer service could be this poor if i had n't experienced it myself !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "roses are nice , but they die . who wants to send ( or receive ) a gift that is just going to die ? personally , i would rather have a gift i could eat then a gift i can just smell and watch die . that 's why i love edible arrangements . the last arrangement i recieved had pineapple slices cut into the shape of a daisy and dipped in chocolate ... the juicy pineapple and bittersweet chocolate complement each other perfectly . it also had strawberries , grapes and melon . i have sent arrangements to friends and family and people are always so impressed by the uniqueness . orders can be places online , over the phone or in person . you can also sign up on their website for coupons . next time you are thinking about sending that special someone a bouquet of flowers , think outside the box and surprise them with an edible bouquet instead !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "forget about sending boring 'ol flowers again ... . these arrangements are not only edible but beautiful ... . how about a bouquet they can really enjoy , & unlike flowers that die in a few days ... .these will be gladly enjoyed for the few hours ( if you can last that long ) ... imagine a bouquet of chocolate covered cherries ! ! ! ! wow i can almost take the sweetness ... they are not cheap , heck sending flower is n't either ... but well , well worth it ! , your loved one deserves a treat from the ordinary , or maybe pick one up for your office , a nice way to buy a gift without having it be to personal . ya got ta try it at least once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their fruit is amazing especially when it is dipped in chocolate . the only bad comment is that it is a little on the pricey side but well worth for those `` special '' occasions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a great go-to for special occasion gifts . a box or bouquet of chocolate covered fruits is purely delicious ! ! ! edible arrangements are pretty known through out different states in different areas , and it is very convenient for me to visit a nearby store around me or to call in to place an order to send out of state . they use belgium chocolate to cover their fruits , which tastes amazing ! during special occasions like mother 's father 's day as an example they sometimes provide you with an option of a free balloon delivery with it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "12-strawberries covered in semisweet chocolate - very yummy and we got groupon certificate for $ 12 . service was very friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly employees ! i have ordered several things before from edible arrangements but only received form this location . the fruits have always been fresh and they are very generous with their chocolate . i love receiving these as gifts ! they 're beautiful and unlike flowers , they wo n't go to waste . i called to find out a little more about what i had received and the man who answered the phone was very helpful and friendly . although i have n't ordered anything from them , they seem like they would be very helpful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the chocolate covered strawberry mix box on mother 's day and received it the following day . came to this specific location due to the incredible reviews . unfortunately , i received the wrong box and when my mom opened the box and i saw that it was not the correct one , i was very mad . the next morning i called and told them about the mess up . a guy answered as soon as they opened at 8am and he did not even ask what happened or argued with me or even made an excuse , he asked to come back whenever and receive the right box . i went right away and he was not expecting me but the staff was quick to give me the right box . great service recovery . absolutely will come again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are wonderful . it was my brother 's birthday , and i was across the country . i needed an arrangement delivered the same day . they helped me pick out a beautiful basket that was perfect for my brother 's party . even when there was a snafu with the address ( totally my fault ) , they were patient and helpful . if you need a great gift , even if it 's last-minute , edible arrangements is the way to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered for my wife 's birthday online . i specifically requested that the delivery occur first thing in the morning so she could go out with the kids for other activities on her birthday . i called after placing the order and confirmed it would be the first delivery because her birthday was very important . not only was the order not delivered timely , it was not even going to arrive until about noon which was not close to reasonable . ruined my wife 's special day ( while i was out of town ) and just a terrible and awful experience that i am having to deal with and a clearly upset spouse . be leary of important events such as birthdays before ordering ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do like a lot of the stuff in here , but some of it really is n't my style . that said , i 've been given an id badge holder from here it 's beautiful , very good quality , and has lasted through a lot of wear . the prices can be a little steep but if you like the style and will use the items a lot then there 's value to be found here . they have purses , wallets , charm bracelets , necklaces and other silver jewelry and accessories . the stuff is n't cheap enough to buy for use once or twice . if that 's the sort of stuff you 're looking for , cross the street to go to charming charlie 's . i find the service to be a little overbearing . i enjoy talking to people , and i like friendly and attentive service , but sometimes i just like to browse alone and in silence . i know i 'll be back to treat myself in the future , and might start dropping hints to my husband for christmas gifts ( wink ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . they have the best accessories ! i love the fact that their products are heavy and real silver - so pretty and awesome for gifts . i bought the best belt here , ya it was $ 140 but it 's so gorgeous and i know when i wear it , it 's an eye catcher : ) if you have n't been you got to check it out in the lazy little shopping mall of the district at green valley ranch . staff is very friendly , offering a bottle of water as i browsed . if i 'm getting a gift for a girl , i go here -- and if someone is getting me a gift -- either the running store , brighton collectibles or tiffany 's will be perf !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love brighton jewelry and always have . it 's so durable , it never breaks ! christina helped me and my husband last time at this location , and she made it a great experience . i will be returning to this location in the future . i would recommend brighton to every woman who loves silver jewelry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "full disclosure : i have only bought maybe one thing - maybe - in brighton , like , ever . i like their stuff , but rarely enough to shell out the money for it . plus , i often feel like i 'm being watched like a hawk , especially in this location . i do n't know if it 's because i have n't reached menopause yet like every other woman who frequents this store , but sometimes i will be looking at something and put it back simply because i feel like my every move is being scrutinized . i wish i could browse without feeling searing eyes in the back of my head . or , well , usually the front of my head . staring is n't nice !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always friendly service and offers of water immediately upon store entry . the store presents itself well , associates are knowledgable . i shop here a lot & i always get great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my mother , grandmother , & i have been shopping here since the store first opened ! i love the jewelry , it is great quality and such a versatile style . the staff is very friendly and always willing to help you find the perfect piece !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as much as we love the vets ( especially dr williams ) the staff sucks . the front desk girls never greet you when you walk in , just stare . and the wait time is ridiculous - no matter how early or late you are or if you call in . ( the day before our last visit i called in to make an appointment and i was on hold for 30+ minutes . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you have a bird , i strongly recommend dr. hauck and his colleagues . we have cockatiels , and this is where we take them for checkups and illnesses . every time we have been there , dr. hauck has taken the time to explain everything to us thoroughly , and answer any questions we have . in addition , i recently found a pigeon with an injured wing . i brought him in , and dr. hauck looked at him for no charge , then gave me advice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible ! i have a sick rat that needs to be put to sleep and they told me they do n't have any appt till tuesday . they do n't care if the animal is suffering even if it is a rat , very cruel", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my dogs and cats have been flamingo pet clinic patients for more than 40 years . dr. hauck and dr. kenton took such good care of all eight dogs and five cats . i have n't met dr. williams yet but i 'm sure he is every bit as professional , skilled , and caring as the rest of the staff . i would highly recommend flamingo pet clinic to any pet owner looking for the very best care for their furry and feathered family members .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we took our cats for an annual check-up and vaccine update and were very satisfied with both the staff and the veterinarian . dr. buchanan had great catbed-side manner and was knowledgable on all the medical questions we had regarding our pets . i had no problem making an appointment over the phone , they had times available for my convenience and the price was very reasonable . the wait time from walking in the door to seeing the vet was about 5 minutes , the exam and vaccine administration did not take long but was not rushed by any means . we were in and out in under an hour . all in all , i would recommend this clinic and would not hesitate to take my cats back if the need arose .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just want to say that i 've had nothing but good experiences with this place . i 've got a couple dogs who enjoy their visits because they 're always well taken care of . i highly recommend taking your animals here . pat hauck is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although we miss dr. hauck very very much ( happy retirement ) we still love dr. kenton . he did my dogs surgery and i could n't have asked for a better doctor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is probably years too late ( ! ) , but i have a friend moving to vegas , which i left in 2005 , who has cats and needed a vet recommendation and i instantly recommended flamingo pet and the wonderful dr. kenton , who took care of my dog frida , now 12.5yo , and the terrific dr. hauck , who took care of my african gray jos , who passed away in 2008 . it 's a great practice , and they are great vets . i always remember them being so knowledgeable and with excellent bedside manners , and reasonable . one of the things i regretted leaving vegas back then was leaving these great vets behind .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been taking my dogs to flamingo pet clinic for 9 years and would not go anywhere else . doctors kenton , hauck and allayah are the best ! my kids have all received the very highest standards of care and none of the doctors have ever tried to sell my husband and i a bill of goods our kids do not need . they are all very caring and patient . they are all about your pets . also , their prices are very reasonable . i have spoken with other people whose vets charge twice as much for the same procedure ( s ) . in addition , their staff ( office and otherwise ) are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we absolutely love dr. kenton and dr. williams ! we have a frenchie and needed to make sure we went to a vet that was familiar with the short nose breeds . both vets are great and drago loves them too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the only vet i will bring my birds to . i love their friendly professional service . and most of all i love the care that they provide for my green-check conures . they see all types of pets but i personally appreciate that they are avian specialists . on more than one occasion my birds have encountered a few boo-boos here and there and some have been rather serious . thanks to their service i 'm glad to say my little flock is doing really well . for me it 's very important that my birds go to see you veterinarian that understands how to care for birds . i have heard horror stories when people take their pet to the wrong vet . i willing to drive from centennial hills to come bring my birds for their check ups . it 's all worth it ! : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been taking my pets to flamingo pet clinic for over 18 years and believe they offer great care to my pets . everyone is friendly and i rarely have to wait more than a few minutes . they are gentle and kind with my pets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i highly recommend flamingo pet clinic . their staff is caring and compassionate . our sister aunt brought her long-billed , green conure here for care for many years . during the last few months , we , the family , took over responsibility and brought the conure in for his routine care . we always found the staff and veterinarians to be caring and concerned about the well-being of her conure . dr. williams has such a compassionate heart and was there to help us deal with a very difficult situation . his light truly shines bright and is reflected in the care for all god 's creatures . thank you so much for all the care you gave to our family 's pets !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is really sweet , they really care about your pet . they make a point to learn yours and your pets name . the vets are super sweet and are very caring with your pet . i would recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is just around the corner from my home . we take our cats and dog here . on may 16th one of our cats was hit by a car and we rushed him here . i ran in with my baby bleeding in my arms and they rushed us into a private room and attended to him immediately . our monty boy did not make it but the staff was all very kind and compassionate and gave us space and time to make the difficult choices that we had to make . when i was on the floor crying , they sat down on the floor bedside me . they did not rush us to make any decisions regarding his remains which i really appreciate and when we decided on cremating our boy they arranged everything for us . we also received a card signed by all the staff saying they had planted a tree in monty 's name with the arbor day foundation . i 've seen three different dr 's here and i do n't mind who i see as they are all kind and take the time to answer our questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got our green cheek conures 5months ago and have seen dr. kenton 3 times sice then . went for a routine exam , wing and nail clippings , and dna sexing . he and his staff answer all questions thoroughly and address your concerns . he never seems like he 's rushing his time with you , and is gentle handling our babies . finding a good doctor for you or anyone can take multiple tries so i 'm happy to have chosen flamingo pet on my first try : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i take my cat furby to flamingo pet clinic every two weeks for preventative care and blood tests for diabetes . furby is not the friendliest patient , but the staff at the clinic keeps his stress level down as much as possible . i 've used flamingo pet clinic since arriving in las vegas in 2006 and never had a bad experience . care is outstanding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bets are nice although gave rabies shot in tail.. the staff however is the reason we will never go back or recommend . there is one woman in particular who could not be more rude . she would not accept a check from rimadyl made our directly to the clinic nor a prepaid mastercard from rimadyl all other clinics have without question . then when i asked to get the radio is tag she told me it was attached to receipt . it was not..told her that she basically caled me a liar . when i asked for records to be faxed to another one of their clinics she was less than helpful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last couple times i 've been in i 've waited over 50 minutes in the waiting room even though i showed up on time , and then i waited 30 minutes in the back ! today i walked out after an hour . way overpriced for the amount of time you actually spend with the vet . do n't plan on going unless you have nothing to do the entire day !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service ! ! all of the vets are super friendly and knowledgeable . chris is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just today i got from this clinic a happy birthday card for my pet , that was put to sleep exactly there 3 months ago , with a reminder to maintain her health , are you serious ? ? ? ? this place is a mess .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been taking my pets here for 10 years . the staff is very friendly and knowledgeable . they have good prices . i do not live close by this practice , yet i continue to be loyal . they are worth the drive . i love this place and i really feel that they love my fur babies and all of their patients ! ! ! kind , compassionate , caring , and sweet ! ! highly recommend them to all pet owners ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been using this vet for over 10 years now and have referred many family and friends to them . they have the most caring and compassionate doctors . they truly make you feel welcome and that you are getting the best care possible . we have been to other vets in the past who often have ordered unnecessary tests and overcharged for things . i never feel as if i 'm being taken advantage of at this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought our dogs here for years until we moved across town . dr. kenton and the rest of the staff are very caring . their rates are very reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we boarded our dog zoe here last week and were very happy with her experience . the vet techs and groomer were really friendly and our skittish girly came back to us relaxed and happy -- not her normal state after being kenneled . we took a big chance , driving from burbank to vegas and entrusting our pet to this clinic based only on yelp reviews . our experience was really positive and we would definitely use them again . thanks , yelpers , for the good advice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always taken my pets here for treatment and checkups . the staff is friendly , informative . and i have not had to wait long at all . recently , i had an emergency with my parrot , whom i found barely alive drowned in the pool . he was just floating there . he was faintly breathing so i rushed him to the clinic . with the help of dr. williams and the nurses , my parrot was saved . i am so fortunate and blessed . time was of essence and they knew exactly what to do . i definitely recommend this clinic . this is my first choice if i need treatment for my animals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are amazing ! ! always treat us and our babies very well ! ! we live all the way out on blue diamond and ft. apache and the drive is well worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. kenton and his staff are amazing . we have 3 amazing chinese shar pei dogs from senior to 4 months old all requiring something special . not one vet we have used has been as knowledgeable and consistent about the breed as dr. k. never will this vet or his staff `` up-sell '' you on anything you do n't need . there are always great specials too for shots and teeth cleaning . i drive a good distance to see this vet and i will continue to do so for the love and compassion that is shown to my pups alone . great vet everyone , all 3 veterinarians in this office are awesome . husband and wife team with another vet there too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tyrone is very professional , prompt and reasonable . i ended up locking my bedroom door , called him while driving in the morning and he was very willing to work with my schedule , said he works 24hrs and i respect the hardworking attitude . he even sent me a text reminder . i had my door open fairly quick without any damage to the door with a very reasonable price so five stars for that . i would definitely use his services again if needed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tyrone is the real deal when it comes to legit locksmiths . he definitely has the customers best interest at heart , full of integrity , patient , thorough and honest . he come to my home to program another transponder key to my lexus . he was on time and completed the job in a short time . i highly recommend tg 's locksmith service for all your locksmith needs . he is now my locksmith guy , you should make him yours . you will be very pleased with his work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got scammed and overcharged . $ 162 for 10 minutes of tightening my door knob . reporting this company and their scam all over phoenix and media . wtf charges this kind of moneyto tighten a doorknob . taking them to small claims court and reporting to bbb", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i broke my key fob for my 2010 nissan altima and lost the motherboard so my car was stuck at my job . i called tyrone and he only charged me a $ 100 flat fee ! other locksmiths were going to charge me 165-400 . which was insane ! he was awesome enough to meet me where the car was located and he was very professional and kind ! if you ever have any troubles with your keys or locks i highly recommend this gentleman ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tyrone arrived at my place of business very promptly . he discussed different type of rekeying options , and different levels of security , such as rekeying so the locks ca n't be `` bumped '' open . he explained the different parts of the lock and key process , allowing me to make an informed decision in the level of security that fit my budget . he was extremely knowledgeable and professional . his prices were the best i found in the greater phoenix area . i recommend him whole-hardheartedly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tyrone was great ! he was quick at setting up the locks and rekeying our house . very professional and friendly . i highly recommend this locksmith !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is having 2 kids seats attached to your bike cool ? no , not really ! i had 1 yepp mini locking seat on my handle bars that we lost the tubular key to . if you have had this problem you might call it a circle lock . we then bought a bigger rear mount yepp maxi which is why i had two . after searching and calling the manufacturer i decided to call tg to drill out the lock to get it off . what a solid guy tg is ; affordable ( he gave me the lowest quote out of 5 locksmiths ) , highly skilled , professional and fast ! i called him wednesday afternoon and he promptly showed up at my house a 2:30 at our scheduled time . he did a clean job and we removed the seat ( he even helped me with the allen bolts ) within 10 minutes . tg is now my go to guy for any lock needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to me at midnight when i locked keys in a rental in phoenix and was done in five minutes pro and nice guy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the artisan is a boutique hotel located off of the strip . the decor reminds me of harry potter meets the haunted mansion ride at disneyland . very kitschy and gothic , be prepared to stumble around in the dark a few times after entering from the bright sunlight . the hotel gives off a mysterious , in-the-know type vibe versus the larger then life hotels on the strip . i met a lot of locals at the hotel , who said the after hours club is one of the best in vegas . even at 6 am , we could still hear the after hours club going on downstairs ! the pool , although a little small for vegas standards , feels secluded and hidden away . i loved the giant daybeds and towels provided at the entrance . this is a naked pool ( topless ) , so be prepared to see fellow guests take advantage of the dress code . overall , i had a great experience at the artisan . i loved all of the eclectic paintings and mirrors hanging in the rooms , as well as the complimentary bottle service we received upon arriving .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd like to thank everyone for an enjoyable stay , from daisy at the bar , to spencer in valet ! i 'll come back , when i 'm not too sure , but i 'll definitely remember there 's not an ice machine on any floor . i also like that you 're energy efficient and need your room key to stay cool , but then again there is the naked pool . 4 stars i give to you now , but so far , you take the crown . hotel boutique you are , that 's why i 'm glad i 'm not far .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is long overdue but it 's for their underground scene or what remains of it . i ca n't review the hotel walls , stinky bathroom , hotel rooms , or lounge in the daytime itself but that underground scene i 'm talking about is artisan afterhours . it 's changed a lot from when it was a whisper to people 's ears , especially industry workers who wanted to go and kick it after their shift . a lot of the downtown cats come here after their workshift and i 've met a host of cool people who worked at commonwealth down here . then it was publicized in the media and the place blew up even more but held on to its integrity of no cover and no dress code . so far this year it has been steady and not what it 's used to . had i written this review i could have easily given it 4 stars but", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ive never stayed at artisan but i go there for the after hours and to lounge out . its a place if your not looking for like a `` night club '' but still have good music and to hang out . its definitely my kind of place with a hipster feel but the service is great . i got service from bartender , danny and everytime i go there , i will wait for him to help me , or go to the side of the bar he is working . he always takes care of me and the people im with . definitely friendly and always attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in town with my wife looking for a salsa nightclub and came across a flyer for this place `` cuban nights '' . being from miami we were expecting salsa , merengue , bachata for the `` cuban nights '' promo . we were disappointed to say the least when all that was playing was house music ( spanish ) and the dance floor was tiny . it was more of a walk way because of the bad placement . the dance floor is already small but then it 's at the entrance to the club where everyone coming in has to go through . we were able to dance a couple of merengue songs ( the only ones they played ) before going back to their house music which is fine but do n't mislead dancers with calling it '' cuban nights '' and play zero salsa music .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "did n't receive a warm welcome from the management staff . was given a lecture about ruining the room and had to put a $ 150 deposit for damages down that they take out at check in and are refunded in 3-5 days after your checkout . the surrounding area is run down with no other businesses in the area . do n't go outside the fence at all , even with a friend . definitely wo n't be back . i would not have given then any stars but i ca n't post unless i give at least 1 star .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best kept secret in vegas- after hour power ! i love this boutique hotel ! if you want something different in vegas- and love good music ... this is your place . the dj 's they bring are top notch ... it is a place for the after hour athletes ! the vibe is amazing , beautiful pool , and has a very personal feel with the staff here ! the rooms are unique- quaint , and clean ! love it here- and keep the music coming ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're going to do an after hours in this town , this is where to go . legit music that goes darker and deeper than what you 'll find in the big clubs on the strip , a very industry-heavy crowd that takes full advantage of the cheap bottles . when the weather is nice , the patio here is one of the nicest spots in town to enjoy a breather from the beats and a little civilized conversation . the one issue i have with the artisan - and it 's a big one - is that the `` dancefloor '' is also the thoroughfare to get from pretty much anywhere in the building to anywhere else in the building . so you ca n't dance without people having to walk around you , and you have to walk across the dance floor whenever you want to move anywhere . other than that , this is a solid nightlife option in a really unique venue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after hours was kind of a bust . weak crowd , but bottle service remedied the situation that we were in . our waitress was n't that great , we were all sharing cups because she only brought a few . did n't really like the music at all .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first of all , rumor and artisan are like apples and oranges to begin with but there is nothing like when you arrive to a hotel as well priced as this and they are happy to see you ! the staff here , housekeepers , michael ( front desk ) , bartenders , everyone that works here has a great attitude and that makes a huge difference . they remember my name , the rooms are eclectic and cool ! the shower broke in our room so they upgraded us to a huge suite for the same price and offered to help us move . this would never happen at rumor ( they should take note ) . besides that the after hours and everything else has been awesome . i will stay here many more times ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came for the spring restaurant week . great overall meal ! course 1 was a salad with fried zuchinni course 2 was a bruschetta with roasted garlic , tapanade , and tomatos marinated in balsamic vinegar served with crostinis course 3 was a mushroom ravioli with black truffles course 4 was dessert of mood donughts ( cinnamon sugar donuts ) with a dark dutch chocolate sauce . very tasty and the food came out at a good rate . just enough to be finishing off the prior course . the loss of 1 star came from the fact that as we walked in there was no one to seat us and the way the restaurant is , we were n't fully sure if we were in the right place or if we had missed the reception desk and walked into the dining room . either way the waitress was very friendly and always seemed to be present right when we needed her . great experience and would most def return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stay away from this hotel . threw a birthday party here in the masterpiece suite 2 days ago and am being charged 250 $ for smoke damage as well as 150 $ for the mess that was left . 1st off , i know for a fact that no one smoked inside the room , as i instructed everyone it was a non smoking room and monitored it closely . 2nd , since when are you not allowed to leave beer bottles and boxes in a suite after throwing a party ? i was never informed that i would be charged 150 $ if i did n't clean up after myself , if i had , than i would 've asked for a trashcan and cleaned the room myself . i would absolutely advise everyone to stay away from this place . they will scam you in anyway possible and take your money . i 've been going to the artisan and bringing people there for years , but that will stop now due to their shady practices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you should definitely stop in here for a cocktail - it 's like stepping back in time . thanks to the bartender at the double down saloon for suggesting it . the entire hotel is over the top cool - we may even stay here on our next visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the reason this business is so slow is because the manager there does not know how to run things . she gets angry quick with customers willing to stay for long period . i 've heard other bad things too , but have n't experience it as i do n't go here much . i literally ask her for a receipt and she reply we ca n't give receipts right now . so i ask for a refund until i could get my receipt later on . she starts to get mad saying i 'm the manager here blah blah . it 's like since it was a little confusing for her . she just got mad and blame others like a little kid . get out of my hotel .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "situated just off the 15 at sahara , this little unassuming hotel , spa and lounge is one of the best kept secrets of las vegas . if you want to visit the vegas that does n't revolve around gaming and silicone ( it exists , i promise ! ) this is the place to stay . the entire place amazes you when you enter because you would never expect this kind of class 1 ) in vegas and 2 ) in this location in vegas . it 's comfortable , subdued , and full of art . i have n't personally seen the rooms , but friends have told me they 're perfect for the place and worth every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome night club coming from a local , but the bartender `` angela '' completely decimated my experience at the nightclub . she let me know that `` i was lucky to get a drink from her i am doing you a favor '' she said . horrible service from this server . she demanded a tip after the poor service . used to be my favorite local hang out , will never go again . i really wish i could -1 for afterhours", "score": "1"}
{"review": "reminded me of tower of terror from disney 's california adventure , x-rated version . decor was dark and interesting to look at . musty smell throughout hotel . rooms were clean but possibly appeared that way because of the dim lighting . i stayed on a thursday night , so i missed all the noise from the dj , people had previously complained about . i did have some random chick come knocking on my door letting me know to join them at the top less pool party on friday morning . ummm ... no thanks . lmao . you get what you pay for , about $ 60 including taxes and resorts fees . oh yeah , they put a $ 150 deposit hold on your credit card ... i 'm assuming they get some pretty rowdy guests . i think i 'll be skipping this little gem the next time i come to town .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible experience , you can hear people walking and pacing and music all night above you . if you want a peaceful sleep , do not go to this hotel . oh , the ac did n't work , the towels looked ratty and old with a dirty popcorn ceiling . no refrigerator and window shutters all broken too . horrible horrible experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "although this place is very cool and gothic , nice decor , it still has the stench of an old motel . they have done a lot of renovation , but it just has this creepy old feel they just cant shake . i eaten at the restaurant twice , same single waitress in the place , and both times the food was def not worth the price . the restaurant was empty both times we ate there and the service was still bad , go figure ? the bread she brought was old and stale and they toasted it lightly to mask the staleness . the food took too long to come out and she never came to check on us after taking the order . they try to be `` ala cart '' fine dining so the menu is very small and very pricey . the average meal is $ 20 and up and does n't come with a salad or anything ... .over all not worth it . especially with all the gems in vegas..oh and did i mention you have to valet because theres no parking spaces anywhere ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best place for a wedding ! the attentiveness of the staff for my wedding party and my family were perfection . everything went so smoothly and the coordinator was there for everything ( even when i did n't need her ! ) i would recommend this place for any wedding , conventional or unconventional . the chapel was the perfect size for my ceremony , and the reception area was just beautiful with twinkle lights as the sun went down . michael swain , ashley mendiola , lucia tovalin and the staff at the artisan definitely made my day one to remember . i would refer this place to any new blushing bride !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great hidden gem ! very `` artsy '' with a hip bar and great restaurant . hotel as well . right down the road from stratosphere . valet parking . dark , empty pic frames hung in an artsy way ... including on the ceiling . reasonable drink prices in bar . atm on site . cool pool with cabanas as well . everyone i 've brought there loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly this is my 1st review of any hotel i have stayed at . although i have travels a lot , i have not been compelled to leave any words on my experiences . the hotel is incredibly dirty & the service is horrific ! ! the one bright spot was the unique decor & stiff drinks . if you are able to put up with the filth & incompetent poor service from the staff , and are picking a hotel purely by the stiff drinks , then this hotel is for you . on no level would i recommend this to anyone of my friends visiting vegas", "score": "2"}
{"review": "please note this review is only for the after hours night club not the hotel itself : like a previous yelp reviewer said `` loud music in your face '' i recently came to the artisan and had an awesome time ! the place starts to pop after 3-4 am . this has got to be the best after hours party in lv . nothing but house music ! ! ! yeeaaay ( lil jon voice ) . i will continue to come here until my old @ $ $ breaks a bone . long live house music !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am a las vegas local and love the the uniqueness of this hotel . i recently had my birthday there ( free bottle for your bday month ) and everyone was so freaking rude . i hated that i had to tip the people that did n't even help me there . before walking in no one even said hi to us , i had to say hi to everyone workin there . you 're supposed to have 6 or more people to get a free bottle , but then there is no place for us to sit ? ? the people across the way kept stealing our chairs , so when i asked my boyfriend to get them back security says `` they paid for their bottle . '' like wooooow . who 's to say that after this bottle that i would n't get another one ? ? oooor maybe i was too hammered and was going to stay at your hotel ? ? ? anyway . needless to say after the very rude staff , we finished our bottle and left .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came here for their after-hours halloween weekend . people who complain about drink prices , it 's vegas . everywhere you go is going to charge you that , or more . so bite the bullet , or predrink . i 've always wanted to go here , based on the pictures on their website . looks like a dream , with deep colors , mirrors everywhere , art throughout . my boy insisted on stayed at a casino , so we stayed at the palazzo , but took our partying here . the only spot that i saw with absolutely no cover on halloween weekend . cheers to that ! the place was packed , and we had a prime spot on the dance floor , and as the hours went by , people were still filling the place ! everyone was in costume , not just the ladies . we partied as morticia and gomez addams until about 6am , hopped in a cab and was on our way , fully drunk , and ready to pass out . i ca n't wait to party with you again , artisan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really do n't know where to start . made reservations for the 4th of july sight unseen . when i arrived i was impressed with the building from the outside . upon entering i was kind of blown away by the decor . its real artsy and kind of dark but its cool to me . upon checking in i was informed that the pool area is topless optional and did n't bother me one bit . my wife thinks its a swinger hotel and that could be true but i like to think of it as a place free spirits meet . i was kind of shocked they had no restaurant or continental breakfast and really did n't love the late check in times . also the valet could n't find my keys a few times . if i 'm ever in vegas on a budget again i probably would return to this joint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the hotel has the lumpiest and most uncomfortable pillows i 've ever seen ... we were n't given a blanket in our room - just two sheets ... and do n't underestimate the noise you will hear if you happen to stay over a weekend when their music plays until 8am . i guess if you get plastered drunk you wo n't care but the only real asleep i got was from 8-10:30am since check out was at 11 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge techno fan and this friggin guy bartender skipped me twice when i was trying to get drinks , so not a huge fan.. i only gave it three stars because the decor was real cool..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little spot . have staycationed here a couple times and always have a blast . the lounge is very chill until about 10pm when the party starts ... and goes on all night long . still far from the club feel on the strip , which makes it even better . rooms are tastefully decorated , and the beds are comfortable . great job on this one siegel group !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i spend our first night here last friday night - first we ate at the restaurant and the tapas were great then we saw a friend of ours perform the double bass then we stayed for afterhours ! ! security officer named lee was such a pleasure and definitely made our experience much more memorable we will be back again , hopefully as hotel guests ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "review update , i contacted by email ( as stated from the response above by hotel management ) on 02 22 17 concerning this incident . no reply response has been attempted ( email or by phone ) by this hotel as expected .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you crossed elvis presley , liberace , rembrandt , ian schrager , and pam anderson , and delivered the baby in a beatnick hospital with gothic nurses , you 'd give birth to the artisan hotel ( oh ... and i 'm only rating the lobby and bar lounge , and not the sleeping quarters ) . as i understand it , this is one of vegas ' best kept secrets , and now i understand why . sexy ... with an almost intellectual charm to it , this is truly an establishment that lives up to its 'artisan ' namesake . there is no pretentious arrogance to this place that you 'd find at bar noir or prive , and is just very ... .. sexy ... not trashy ... .. but sexy ... ( and is even better after a couple hits of weed ) ... if you needed a perfect synonym for `` hip '' ... this place is it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hear this place is hopping at around 2am . i was here around midnight , on a saturday night and it was dead ! the floors were sticky and the service was lacking . i may try it again sometime but i 'm not racing to go back immediately .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the hotel is very cute and trendy . the entire place is covered with artwork . the lighting is very dim and creepy , which was cool . its not the typical vegas style hotel . the club is pretty cool and actually plays some good music . the staff was really cool and friendly . the only downside is its far away from the strip ( about $ 15 ) . there 's no casino or convenient stores in the lobby which might come in handy if you want to buy water . there was no separate room for the shower which made getting ready a little difficult . the a c shut off every 5 minutes . there were only 2 outlets in the room in the most random places . there was no fridge or microwave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dark , mysterious , and trendy . stayed on a thursday night about 6 weeks ago . valet : prompt and courteous . front desk : super helpful , and not stuffy elevator : 1 and slow . room : a little small and dated , to be expected . a little musty smell . the a c worked , but definitely an eyesore . small bathrooms . ceiling fan . free bottle of champagne delivered after check-in . its not bad , and worth the price we paid ( about $ 45 on a weeknight ) . clean , but signs of wear and tear . `` afterhours '' : our group of 4 entered the about 2am and doubled the amount of people in the bar . $ 10 vodka soda in plastic cups served by a salty , uninterested bartender . 2 rounds and we split . check-out : quick and easy . girlfriend left phone in room . no problems getting it back a few hours after check-out . would stay again and recommend to others pending the right situation . i 'd think twice about making the bar a planned stop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place needs to invest in light bulbs ! = ) anyone that 's been there knows what i 'm talking about . when i walked in , i thought i still had my sunglasses on . = ) so , also , i went to the after hours club there . it was like the same lighting level as when i got there in the afternoon . dark . it was a cool place . actually a perfect sized joint for the amount of people there . there 's a small patio out in the back to sit down , have cigs and chill out in 80 degree- 3am weather . check it out ... . but the bad part if you need a cab , it might take a while .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel is unlike any other spot in vegas . love the decor , so interesting . felt like i stepped into alice in wonderland . i love it ! all the employees were very nice and had great stories to tell . the bartender was such a cool character ! heard of this place from my best friend coming here alot , was not disappointed . i did not stay in the rooms .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place ... yea not feeling it ! i can dig the whole grotesque era but yea this is n't for me . channel 69 is a porn channel , you have a topless pool . my ceiling fan is about to fall apart . the light bulb broke while the ceiling fan was on and the porter came in with a broom to sweep up the glass -_- yea me and my friends have booked another room .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had reservations that i booked online to stay at the artisan . upon arrival , i realized that i wanted to do a cancellation in order to come back on a night where there would n't be loud music from the after hours pool party that go from 11:00 pm - 7:00 am . when i booked it online months prior , i had no idea about these loud all night pool parties . i have to say the front desk attendee , michael was beyond gracious and very accommodating . he not only encouraged me to come back on an off night ( no pool parties ) like on a monday or tuesday so i could sleep but also went above and beyond in assisting me with finding something more suitable for the time being . excellent service and professionalism at its finest . thank you michael . i am a very pleased person and an anxious future client as i love the decor and the room in this place . i ca n't wait to come back here and stay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is only a review for the bar . this place is so cool i love the decor and the sofa seating area are so comfortable . the outdoor patio is the bomb i feel like i 'm somewhere else so wonderful than under the i15 . the bartender was nice . this place would get 5 stars if they would do the little things like get the mop bucket out of the lobby and improve the wine menu . the wine list was sad very low end wines . this place could be a hidden gem with a little over site and tlc by the management so much potential here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i absolutely love the artisan ! we are vegas locals and love staying there when we need a little getaway ! we have spent our anniversary , as well as his birthday there and will definitely do so again ! its so unlike anything in las vegas , its refreshing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were there for a wedding ... for starters , the rooms are affordable . the decor is great ! the drinks are not poured lightly ! the bed was one of the most comfortable i have ever been on ! however ... if you intend on getting a wink of sleep , do it elsewhere . single pane windows ... it sounded like the people outside were next to the bed ! there was a huge space under the door which i put pillows in front of , everyone that walked down the hall we could hear . i was also sad our air was n't working properly.if you enjoy a vibrating hotel that sounds like ugnn ughnn ugnn ughnn non stop from 2-8 am , and like hearing the neghbor above you , well then this is the place for you ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i give this hotel a overall 2 stars and that is strictly because of the bar nightclub . every other aspect of the hotel was terrible terrible terrible ! we stayed for three nights . our heat did not work and it took calling the front desk twice before anyone came up to attempt to fix it . the valet was awful . no matter what time we came or left ( other than between 12 and 6 a.m. ) there was never an attendent at the valet stand . i would have been better off parking my car in the valet area and walking to it myself . no one would have ever known the difference . all of the front desk agents that i came into contact with were rude and very uninformative . i am a las vegas local and do not plan on ever staying here again or recommending this facility to any of my friends , family or traveling collegues . congratulations artisan hotel on making that money while you could but losing clients in the meantime .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "really unique . i am enjoying my moscow mule . i only i wish i can appreciate the art work . lot of old painings of boobs . hahaha", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to birthday party at bar . bar man was friendly and the sliders i had were great . i did find the place a little dark and eerie , but all all had a good time", "score": "4"}
{"review": "be warned ! ! my party and i were assaulted by random california natives ( according to their license plates ) , yet we were all somehow also attacked by the security with tasers and mace . my girlfriend was on the ground , mounted by an overweight woman , and i was on top a man that decided to sucker punch me for trying to calm down the situation . artisan security and the metopolitan are a joke . you 're better off beating the shit out of the trouble makers because security is useless and metro is too occupied with their hookers to give a shit about people who actually need valid assistance ( especially to the african american officer who was extremely inconsiderate and rude ) . thanks to them , we were attacked by crazy people , for no reason , and they ran away like the cowards they were . fuck the system ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nous avons visit\u00e9 l'hotel dimanche pour le party de l'apr\u00e8s midi et on a pas \u00e9t\u00e9 dessus . les gens sont agr\u00e9ables et la s\u00e9curit\u00e9 est vraiment parfaite . les gens viennent s'amuser et ils sont tr\u00e8s respectueux . un b\u00e9mole la piscine avait des feuilles mais il vantait un peu . mais pour le reste tout \u00e9tait parfait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool place to tour if you like the masters , as in artwork . try to check out some of the guest rooms . very cool decor . loved live music by pool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this spot ! it 's my favorite hotel in vegas . this amazing hotel was carefully conceptualized . everything from the hallway decor to the bathroom shower head was though out . even if you are not into art , you ca n't help but enjoy the atmosphere . have never made it to mood restaurant or the after hours as i 'm always beat by the time i get back to the hotel . some reviewers complain about noise - who goes to vegas to sleep anyway ? ? i personally have n't had a problem with noise the 2 or 3 times i 've stay here . cons : only valet parking ( a turn-off for some ) and you ca n't walk right up to the strip , but it 's a short drive cab ride . i highly recommend staying at the artisan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't even know ... how does one rate this on expectation versus result . i will just give information . it 's an old travelodge that has had decorations and painting and black paint added to it . no real improvements of amenities . it 's loud ! like room shaking-ly loud , especially when the pool party starts in the morning . the rooms are fine , not nice , not bad , old furniture and such . staff was friendly enough . area around hotel is nothing , it is right against a highway on one side , warehouse district with strip clubs on the other . but its cheap normally . i would describe it like going to a college halloween party where you can still tell the place is old and dirty and weird , but the strange decorations distract you , and you probably wont sleep unless you pass out from too much excitement ... yeah .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good service ... .room was unique ... neighbors next door partied til 6am ... security n front desk did everything they could ! lounge is always a fun time ... want to try rumors next ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i needed another room after edc and found this place . the decor is off the chain ! i 'm in love with the setup of this place . the staff is very friendly and helpful , thanks for everything michael tornka . the bar tender is funny and the drinks were strong . it 's close to the freeway and parking is easy . the room was soo much cheaper then expected . the pool set up is perfect . it has trees for shade , little covered couches and each has its own private tv . best of all . they played edm throughout the whole hotel ! win win win situation . best bang for your buck . i will defiantly be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stayed at the artisan for new year 's eve - wow what an interesting and peculiar hotel - personally i loved it . very dark colors , the rooms are painted black with a large array of mirrors , and all of the hallways , entrances , and corridors are covered with dark and brooding paintings , offset with bronze and gold frames - the suite is truly incredible - complete with mirrored ceilings , pool table , french door to the master bedroom , and exotic furniture - this place pulls it off big time . complete hidden gem off of the strip , and a far cry from the tourist-trap casino hotels . the artisan is incredible - you never know who you will run into here , and it 's always been a total blast for me - this place is a trip and a must-see . it 's totally off the radar , basically underneath a freeway overpass - the artisan is the hidden gem of vegas for exotic hotels - try the suite ! reasonably priced and very well done . bravo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can only speak for the bar . what a cool atmosphere . it was very dark , there were paintings all over , mirrors on the ceilings , antique looking bookcases with old looking books ... there was no cover . lucky for me , i had a local who was my tour guide . we arrived about 3am and danced until 7am , fueled with quite a few vodka and red bulls . quite a different place , you must try it ! you might end up dragging yourself out when the sun comes up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the artisan is tops . a secret to explore . sadly , the restaurant on the premises needs some help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here for a quick minute ! first time ever ... pretty cool inside , lobby area was nice and places to chill with comfy chairs.. the bathroom was pretty cool too - inside the stall there is a little stand and a mirror and a nice bathroom attendant outside . the patio was really nice too - it looked like you could set up bottle service out there plus rent a hookah ! no cover charge to get inside either . nice !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was not worth it . came here for an event ( which was also really awful ) and the hotel made it worse . i get it 's a party and after party hotel , so i wo n't complain about the noise . i will complain about the ac being shorty . the bugs in the room . the bed being so lumpy i had to sleep ( when i could ) at a diagonal just to find any comfort . the water pressure was so hard in the shower . the hotel is dark and weird . the pool is super tiny and looks like it has n't been cleaned in a month . ocd in me is also really annoyed with the pictures not being centered . the restaurant on the website is n't even open yet . the drinks are way too expensive in the bar . the female bartender is amazing though . she was very kind , helpful , and always smiling .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "please reconsider staying here . the place looks interesting online almost unique and strange . the place is dark , dirty , and extremely noisy . i know this is vegas but this was ridiculous . besides the loud music that outside , we had drunk people knocking at our door , and you could hear everything from neighboring rooms and i mean everything !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came for a business event of about 50 people , which was held in the lounge . what a great vibe and ambiance ! i wish i was able to experience the restaurant food and the rest of the hotel , but i plan on coming back again ! intimate environment , very classy , plush furniture , candle-light-like lighting . service was great from what i could tell . i ca n't wait to go back , and possibly stay in the hotel !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband rented the masterpiece suite for my birthday this past weekend if you like to party this is the place to be . the only thing they asked when we checked in was that we can make as much noise as we wanted just please do n't complain if others are making noise . we stayed up till 7:30 in the morning and had the most fun . during the day the hotel was very quiet and peaceful . i loved the ambiance ! bert dark very cool . the only negative things i have to say is that in the suite the wallpaper was peeling a bit in the suite so that should be fixed . and i did not love the djs that night . but that could just be my personal preference .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they hold 150 ... for 5 days ! ! the bed is terrible ! the pillows worst ... my bed have bugs or something i was full of bites at 3 am i have to change the room ... is beautiful but not to sleep ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed in this hotel and loved it . it has a mysterious and exiting decoration . service was always outstanding and its really clean , and close by to eveerything.i will definitely stay here next time im in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very original place , cool music and great drinks . had family visiting from out of town so i decided to show them this amazing place . bartender chic gorgeous zero cool and kind of rude forgot to tell us they having a private event , so minutes later with half of the drinks still in our hand we get asked to leave the bar . where is management ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is completely over-rated ! the drinks : $ 4 for a club soda tap and $ 9 for a gin & tonic well . the gin & tonic was 30 % gin , 70 % tonic , which makes it quite a lame ratio considering vegas standards for less $ $ . the staff is rude . the dj sucked . the people were blah . the decor is the only redeemable quality hence the 1 star , but service , ambiance , price , and scene almost ruined my night . oh and i almost forgot to mention how you had to risk your life crossing the vast desert they consider a parking lot just to get to the place . right next to freeway entrances and exits , and no crosswalk made it a jaywalkers nightmare ( or thrill depending ) !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried this place twice . first time , not one person was inside . second time , maybe 7 people ; both on a weekend night . the design and scene is sweet , but it 's not a party if there 's no one there . they got ta get people in the door", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was definitely interesting and different and a younger vibe and a cool bar an decor i would go back and say here also the room pricing is very reasonable", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is worth a try if you 're a local or a tourist looking for something different from a cavernous casino . you have to take the weird with the good though . it 's not a typical crowd , but that 's the cool part if you ask me . the service can be inconsistent . expect it and chill out ! you can hang at the pool without being hustled all day for cash from the staff . if nothing else , go for the art and some great photo ops inside and out ! buy a drink though , it 's just the right thing to do . the `` out of the way '' places need your support to keep las vegas from being renamed mgmmirage , nevada .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great beats that cuts thru your soul . a bit of a pain for bathroom and bar ( long lines ) . decor and lights were bad ass", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am definitely a fan of this place ! ! i always have a good time here , decent service , decent priced drinks , good dancing vibe , beautiful people ... great place to be at , the whole lobby is opened for the after hours crowd as well as the pool area as well so finding a place to seat is never a problem here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here last night and had a pleasant stay . from valets to front desk to bartenders , everyone was very friendly . 21+ hotel , so most people staying here were just looking to party . great place for young people looking to party . they did have a few problems with the plumbing which caused a fire during our stay , so -1 star . very eccentric and unique hotel to stay at , and they have relatively low rates . if you do n't have a car , i would skip on the artisan because there are n't very many places to eat or party nearby . also , the pool is a topless ( optional ) pool .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could rate this a zero , i would ! i 'm currently in hell . got in from the east coast late and neeeeeeeded sleep . this hotel should have a disclaimer about music blaring outside your window all night long . i would like to say `` you get what you pay for '' since the room only cost $ 35 , but that would be a lie . unless they were paying me ( large amounts of money ) to stay here , it is not even worth the low price i paid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awful this review will be short and sweet because that is pretty much all there is to say about this place . do yourself a favor find a motel 6 if you 're looking for a cheaper room . unless of course you are looking to stay in an industrial strip club area of las vegas do n't stay ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a god-awful place . i ca n't add anything new to the bad reviews that have already been posted . do yourself a favor and save your money . you 'd be much better off at a motel 6 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great after hours spot . the restaurant is is amazing the food is 5 stars . some of the best ribs i have ever had ! the bar atmosphere e is amazing i love the lounge but still upscale service and couture but prices for us on a budget . the service is great everyone seems to be a team player and willing to help with whatever they can . the rooms are awesome . very clean ! i love the decor and their up to date ! diffidently would recommend to a tourist or to a vegas native if they just want a night out in whole you can eat drink and stay there on a budget !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "review on artisan afterhours ... . came back to the artisan for the first time in a bit to check out `` artisan afterhours '' . it was a good time and cool atmosphere . it was a pretty slow night but there was some rave in the desert going on so i 'm sure that had something to do with it . we had a bottle and nice little couch spot . i had a good time and checked out the outside area as well which was cool . would recommend giving it a go , especially if you have never been to the artisan as it is probably the most unique and interesting hotel in town that is n't a mega-casino . i 'll be back again for hopefully a busier night with a better crowd . lots of guys the night i went , but again probably not the best night to judge . i 'll update review next time i go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super fun alternative hotel night club after house pool . they have mediocre resident djs , but it does the trick . lots of fun events here and usually a good after hours spot if you 're still going after 4 or 5 am . oh ! and call them about a birthday bottle during your birthday month ! you get a table and bottle of vodka for super cheap if its your birthday month if you prearrange it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is chill ... until they decide not to be ... literally took the stool out from under me ... literally", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were invited to a pool party here . this is a locals hotel , very off strip , but tourists do stay here as well . the pool is very small , but intimate . the inside of the hotel is very dark and dismal , but has some very interesting art and mirrors on the ceiling . i would not return simply because it gave me a creepy feeling ( as though i would be robbed , or something ) . it is what it is .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "only dentist i 'll see in town ! i was suggested to dr. avena after moving to vegas by my old family dentist in alaska . i 've heard horror stories about las vegas dentists , as well as being deathly frightened of any doctor after that big hepatitis c case in town . dr. avena gives you all sorts of paperwork when you first go to his office of where he purchases his products , the quality and how he uses them . this really made me feel at ease . he is very thorough and friendly . easy to schedule with . i have suggested him to many of my friends in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. avena is the best dentist i 've ever been to hands down . he is knowledgeable , thorough and extensive with the information . his staff are friendly and nice . he is personable and friendly as well . i could n't be happier with him . patient for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ive been a patient of dr. avena 's since 2006 . excellent dentist and dental hygienists . full hour appointments so you always feel well taken care of . office sends you a birthday card and reminder calls for appointments . also calls to verify appointment 48 hours in advance . everyone is sweet at the office and i never dread going to the dentist . would recommend to anyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marc by marc jacobs emphasis more on amazing accessories than typical marc jacobs items . i love shopping for such things as rings , earrings , bracelets , watches and other random accessories here , much more so than their apparel itself . to me , marc is high-end feeling for modest prices . you might find some wallets and bags that are $ 200- $ 400 , but you are settled down with nicely-sewn and coated denim for $ 70 . if you want the high-end stuff , they have it . if you are on a budget , they have that as well . sophisticated , yet attainable . people who work here are great . they are super-nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate this place so much that i have to have everything in there . -__- my wallet hates me . i love their earrings , bracelets , necklaces , and have been eager to get all of their iphone cases lately . their cases are so colorful and cute . i 'm hoping to get their flats by the end of the month . they have cat and mouse faces on them . ( o.0 ) i , also , always love their store fronts . last year , they had a gigantic pink elephant fronting the store . during christmas , they had a real sleigh . as of late , they have aliens ufos crash landed in the desert . so fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my very first time coming to this store . very clean and organized and their customer service is great ! i was looking for a particular purse that were not available in other stores since it was last season but this store had it and was able to hold it for me ( thanks mayra ! ..hope i spelled your name right ) . very happy with my experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute cute cute shop has a little something for everyone and prices for everyone too . it 's a mish mosh of things , jewelry , laptop cases , purses , shoes clothing , knick knacks . staff is really cool too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first time at a marc by marc jacobs boutique and it will not be my last . i loved the selection of purses , wallets , accessories ... .everything ! the mouse flats were super cute and 40 % off ! i will definitely be back whenever i 'm in vegas again ! also the customer service i received was excellent . ashley helped me select the perfect wallet and showed me multiple options beyond what i asked for . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place to browse m by mj stuff . the other m by mj locations i 've visited just are n't as welcoming or comfortable , and the selection and presentation here is much better than at a regular department store . the staff here that i have interacted with have always been good , and this last time i went in they had three sections of the store with merchandise that was 50 % off ! the sale sign was super subtle so you would n't have seen it just walking by outside . they also packaged my new wallet in a really nice quality box with tissue paper . all in all , a happy experience that i look forward to repeating in future visits to las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool store but realized after 10 mins , it 's really for men . could n't resist a t-shirt for my sister . cool store nonetheless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was opening day for marc when i stopped by here . exciting . buzzing . spoke to most lovely brit gent who manages the fab london mount st store . he was hungover ! well hard not to be in vegas . but he was well helpful . big pink metallic elephant in window . very cool . staff were lovely . hubby brought a ring . he regrets not getting the pants and the cuff now as well . sad . should always just buy it i say , esp on holiday . they had loadsa cool garms and bits for good prices . got a hollywood t-shirt . random since was in vegas . but have a practically vintage marc jacobs vegas t-shirt . top stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2 stars for the lack of customer service . visited this location twice and received the same snooty idc attitude from an asian woman with the mustache . i suggest you shop with anyone else but this individual .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "every time we com to cp forum shops we always pop in to marc by marc jacobs and every time we get excellent service . the sales staff is very helpful and go above and beyond !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although i 'm not in love with the fact that marc jacobs erased the whole mbmj line , this store is still my favorite . brian is one of the best sa in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whitney and evan are incredibly trustworthy and share an amazing amount of knowledge . i recently had a problem fixed that 's left me guessing for months . they know what they 're doing , no bs . i live across country but wait to have my car serviced until i 'm in charlotte visiting family . i would n't go anywhere else . thanks ya 'll !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my accord worked on here a couple years ago . my belts were squealing and i could n't figure out why . it did not take them long to find it . inferior aftermarket belts : ( they replaced the belts with honda belts and they never made another sound . these guys know hondas . my only problem now is i do n't own a honda anymore ... ... ... .i would recommend this place to anyone . very satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used evans honda service for 16 years . this company is wonderful , honest , caring . i trusted everything they told me and they were always dependable . they went over and beyond duty several times . their service is reasonable . i would not take my honda anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a hidden gem this place is ! if you have a honda , you 're lucky , because not only are evan and whitney knowledgeable and trustworthy - they also charge a fraction of what the dealer would charge . they deliver solid diagnosis and repairs and they volunteer information to help you make good decisions . for instance , my accord v6 is due for a timing belt . not only did i receive a very competitive estimate , but whitney also gave me the rundown on the belt tensioner , the o rings , and the motor mount . now i know up-front , before the car is in the shop undergoing a major repair , what else might be involved . i can not recommend this place enough ! smart people with great work ethic and integrity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off do n't go to this `` mcdonald 's '' after 5pm and order any kinds of ice cream ... with that being said this place always has issues with the ice cream maker . i live right by and my kids love the oreo mcflurries . so i give them the benefit of the doubt . but noooo i always get the `` ice cream makes is broken .. so no more stopping by this mcdonald 's .. i 'll go to sonic down the street for my desserts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really do n't like coming to this mcdonald 's but it 's the closest to me . the place is kept semi clean . the service is not that great . and every time i go thru drive thru , they forget something or they have me pull over and the wait is long . they need to step it up to get a few more stars", "score": "2"}
{"review": "two stars because the food is good and the staff is friendly . their speaker in the drive thru , however is not good , not at all . my company just moved into the area the end of march this year ( 2016 ) . i 've probably been to this location 4 times . twice so far , they 've gotten my order completely wrong . once i asked for a large coffee , and when i pulled around they had a small coffee ready to go . yesterday i ordered a large meal with a large coffee , and they had a large coffee , but no meal . to their credit , they got the meal ready in two minutes and i was back to the office quickly . but come on ! having to re-do my order half the time is not acceptable . and it 's dang near impossible to hear what is being said thru the speaker , so i repeated my order yesterday to be sure they would know what i wanted . replace the speaker , guys ! ! otherwise , you 're good !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this mcdonald 's is usually pretty quick and on the ball with their orders . rarely ever do i get the wrong item or not get my complete order . they 're friendly and efficient for fast in-and-out drive-up service . only complaint i have is when their fries are too salty . i 'm not a salt person whatsoever and for me a little salt goes a long way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here now waiting for my order and its taking forever . the manager is sitting down on lunch break well 2 employees are working drive thru food prep and lobby", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad just not great . no playground for little ones and attached to a gas station . the service is fast and friendly but the food seems a little below average . i do love the mccafe drinks they have here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was so excited to have a new kids store in town . very cute clothing but due to inconsistent quality and sizing it makes it hard to continue to shop here . i bought a wrap dress for my daughter and after only a few washes it had multiple holes on the seams . the salesperson states it 's thin material so it does n't last long- really ? ? my son 's very cute block shirt had the cotton pilling after only 1 wash . i mentioned this to the salesperson at the kierland commons location and she stated since they have only been in business 6 years they are still having issues with their venders .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pricey but love this place . their denim from craft are the softest i have ever felt . i would never buy another gap jacket for my daughter again . a little far for me to drive so i do n't get there much but i definitely make the effort every now and then . too bad we do n't have any high end clothing in the se valley . i need an escape from the justice for girls junk .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are looking for cute kids clothes , this is the place ! the key is to only buy on sale ... then you get cute without blowing your budget ! staff are friendly and helpful !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the clothing they sell is wonderful and as a previous poster mentioned the key is to buy it on sale . i have to say the retail experience at this store in no way matches the quality of the merchandise . on a recent visit , this grandfather was relieved of his peek shopping bag brought in to get a benefit of sale reduction . `` so that my hands are free to shop '' i was told.. do you try that with women 's handbags and briefcases ? i think not . very bad form you 're implying that your customer is a thief after having spent handsomely . they refused the credit since i was a few days late to which i had to tell them i 'd return the goods then buy them again at the sale price . then i got the benefit of sale . they practice data mining by asking for your name at the beginning of each sale ? why bother ? declining only makes people feel uncomfortable . petty retail practices and poor customer relations .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in to buy a gift for a friend . when the lady was ringing me up , i told her it was a gift . she did n't print out a gift receipt despite me telling her it was a gift . i asked if i could get one and her response was , `` oh it 's too late . just tell her if she wants to return the gift that it 's under you 're name . '' seriously ? ! that 's so tacky . she refused to go back and get me a gift receipt . i should have returned it on the spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this store . some items are expensive , but there is always a really good selection of very cute , and reasonably priced , items if you look a bit . the staff is very friendly and helpful , and i always really enjoy my experience there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going into peek . they have the cutest clothes . i can usually afford them when they are on sale . the customer service there is great . the ladies always give my daughter something to play with that she gets to keep . they are very helpful there as well . the sizes run a little big . i ca n't wait for the next sale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for a quick bite and stopped in today hoping for their flatbread and was super disappointed that they no longer have them ! oh well , stick to my good ol ' standby ... chicken nuggets and fries ! i arrived a little before the lunch rush , both my fresh fries and chicken nuggets were hot ... as it just prepared ! ! ! oh yeah ! ! ! service was fast and the cashier was friendly . that 's it ! short and sweet . i 'll be back to this location , but based on the previous reviews i 'll make sure to never go at night !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not much simpler than a name like `` bob 's restaurant '' . the menu is n't much to look at either - essentially we 're talking a diner on the side of 601 . though you 'll find items like chicken and green beans and fried squash , i 'm not sure that i would choose them , as the beans tasted like they were from a can - not that there is anything wrong with that - the chicken was strips with some form of seasoning tossed on it ( which apparently you could not order without , or get on anything else ) , and the squash had a huge layer of ( something ) surrounding it before being fried . the burgers did look a bit promising , but it 's tough to screw up a burger . it has apparently been done , but not here . probably best to stick with those . on the good side , staff was friendly - though they were n't terribly accommodating wanting to make changes , such as getting some of that seasoning on something other than the chicken for instance .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great staff and good home cooked meals . the home made banana pudding , onion rings , and squash are exceptional ! will definitely return ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big selections of toppings and greek influenced fusion . place looks rundown and can use some good cleaning and renovation . the burgers are only ok because of the toppings , remove toppings and burger meat is over cocked and lack taste ! obviously , those who liked this place or have it high review ; compare it to fast food franchises like burger king and mcdonalds . not comparable to gourmet burger joints such at burger priest or holy chuck !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the davisville location is spacious and moderately clean . decor is a bit tacky but i guess it adds some character . service by the only employee ( cook , cashier , etc ) was good . he was friendly . where as the owner just stood there on his phone - which made me feel a bit uncomfortable ? the prices are okay . ordered the 1 2lb wings and fries for $ 7.50 . suicide wings were hardly suicide ... i would n't even say it was mildly hot at all . the fries were more disappointing . they were dark , and tasted or felt stale . i think they probably fried it some time before and refried it for my order ... i 'll only come back for desperate times as it is fairly close to where i live .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "marlee ave fat phil 's is the worst for it 's food , serves and cleanliness charges more money them the other locations , burgers are horrible and dry and will charge u $ 0.50 extra for tomatoes and a few times the lady putting the food together would put it in her pocket , there was garbage all over the tables and none of the staff had hats or hair nets on ... . disgusting place on marlee ave , toronto", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while ordering , the owner phil came up and chatted it up with me . very friendly guy was talking to everyone and staff provide amazing service . had the chicken souvlaki on a bun . was quite delicious . the texture of the bun was soft like my buns . and the chicken was juicy and tender like my thighs . overall great experience for a quick take-out style joint . hard to find a places where the owner is so friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "comparable to burger shack , but with several signature burgers . thick 7oz patties with crispy bacons with homemade taste . poutine came with better gravy than burger shack but soggy fries . earned one more star than burger shack for more menu choices and service . the owner came by to check on every customer to see if everything was ok. a small detail , but it shows he cares about the quality of his products and customer satisfaction .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the best places for quick bite in the area . phill 's has a pretty big menu and a friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "randomly walked by this place and decided to drop in . what a place ! the owner is the nicest person you could encounter and he was offering samples of his homemade soups while you looked at the menu . i ordered a burger and a thai soup and both were excellent . it 's refreshing to find a restaurant owner who is all about hospitality ! would definitely go back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't really complain about great ice cream . nice kids working behind the counter , with good service in english and french . my double scoop ( regular size ) ice cream on a cone was $ 4 and change , which is less than marble slab and also less than a blizzard at dairy queen these days . this location is now half the size of what it used to be - it 's been carved up and a sushi place ( which i have n't tried and therefore ca n't comment on ) has moved in next door . that 's fine with me , especially if lower rent means they can stay open and keep serving delicious ice cream .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what can you say . who does n't like b & j ? only problem here is how much it costs compared to te competition on monkland . because of that it 's not my first choice . service is mediocre , what you 'd expect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ben & jerry 's . j'ai vraiment besoin d'en \u00e9crire plus ? le staff est super patient ( dans les places de cr\u00e8mes glac\u00e9es je me retrouve \u00e0 \u00eatre la cliente d\u00e9sagr\u00e9able-mais-qui-est-fine-en-m\u00eame-temps qui go\u00fbte \u00e0 tout ) . toutes leurs cr\u00e8mes glac\u00e9es sont divines . ma derni\u00e8re visite s'est conclue par du yogourt grec glac\u00e9 \u00e0 la banane et beurre d'arachide . j'ai vraiment besoin d'en \u00e9crire plus ? faites juste y aller . s'il vous plait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went at the start of the season when the staff was still on slow-mo . you could tell with the drizzle they did n't want to be out on deck and gave you a `` huh ? '' when you asked questions like `` do you have a flutterboard i can use ? '' `` no , they 're only for lifeguards '' i 'm told . that was a first . is the city too cheap to buy some fixings for its patrons or are the unionized building attendants simply too lazy to go grab one ? i 'm not sure what the right answer is but i did n't love the experience despite mostly having the pool to myself . it was a good thing too , 'cause the number was no longer on my old locker key . could 've been a big hassle . clip was broken too . place could sure use some changeroom upgrades and a new clock in the pool area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "high park pool is a great outdoor pool , with a clean modern look and a fair amount of swimming options considering its moderate size . there 's a regular pool , but also a kids ' pool , with a huge slide . it 's not the best place to go for laps , because the adult swim times are short , and it takes them a while to set up the lanes . there 's free parking in high park near the pool , but not too much , so even at non-peak times , you may have to circle around a bit . even if you find a good spot , you might ( as happened once to me ) get boxed in by someone who 's double-parked . better to walk or bike if you can .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great concept ! free pool for the people ! ( come on america get with it ! ) any way , that being said , the pool itself was nice and water refreshing ; i would have given a 4 star rating if it were't for the really dirty changing area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 're a lane swimmer , you 're not going to have a good time . i went with a friend during leisure swim just to try before committing to a pool and was very disappointed . coin operated lockers are available but do n't be surprised to find used tampons or human feces in private changing stalls . and the only reason i used a private stall was because there were n't that many benches to just change . swimming pool water was a touch cold and on the murky side .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "facility needs to be renovated ! waterslide was closed and the change rooms were dirty . on a positive note , my kids did enjoy swimming in the shallow area which was deep for them . as a parent i did n't enjoy going into the water as it was cold compared to other outdoor pools we 've been too . suggest going to sunnyside pool which is a short drive away - way better !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waren am ostersonntag mit 9 personen im voll besetzten hellas zum essen . trotz vollem haus waren die bedienungen wie immer freundlich . das essen kam ebenfalls recht schnell und war wie immer reichlich und vor allem hat es horvorragend geschmeckt . ist also aus meiner sicht ein volltreffer . sogar den eltern hat das ausl\u00e4ndische essen super geschmeckt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ich war heute wieder zum mittagstisch im hellas . hier bekommt man f\u00fcr ca . 7eur eine suppe , einen salat und eine etwas verkleinerte hauptspeise von der wochenkarte . man wird satt und es schmeckt echt gut . der preis ist f\u00fcr das essen ok , wenn auch f\u00fcr einen mittagstisch etwas teuer . lasst euch vom \u00e4u\u00dferen ( einkauspassagen-flair ) des hellas nicht abschrecken . innen ist es richtig gem\u00fctlich und man wird immer nett bedient . als tipp von der karte : gyros fourno !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gute griechische und deutsche k\u00fcche . leider bekommt man nicht immer das was man bestellt hat . die ausstattung des gastraumes ist auch veraltet . da bieten andere lokale viel mehr . vor allem bei der qualit\u00e4t der speisen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wir waren gestern nach viel zu lange zeit wieder mal essen im hellas , und es war wie wir es kannten : herrliches essen , freundliche bedienung , sch\u00f6nes ambente ( obwohl es vielleicht etwas weniger stadard-tavernen-musik geben k\u00f6nnte , es gibt so viele gute griechische musik ) . normalerweise bestellen wir nie gemischte platten , gestern haben wir uns doch entschieden f\u00fcr eine platte f\u00fcr 2 , und wir wurden nicht ent\u00e4uscht : fleish war auf dem punkt gegart , herrlich gew\u00fcrzt , note 1+ . dazu einen guten nausa rotwein , leckere vorspeisen ( gegrillte pepperonis und knoblauchbrot ) und noch leckere desserts , alles in allem einen sehr gelungenen abend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here for my first eye doctor appointment since moving to pittsburgh . a coworker and a coworker 's husband both see dr. hirsch here , so i came for my annual eye checkup . they took my insurance ( vision benefits of america ) so i had no copay . dr. hirsch is very thorough . i told him my father had experienced a retinal detachment , and he told me what to watch out for in case that happens to me . he ran a wide variety of tests , checking everything , dilated my pupils , gave me the `` puff '' test , looked at my glasses and contacts , confirmed my prescription . his mannerisms are a bit unusual ; he lacks the poised polish and smooth talk that so many doctors have . so do n't go in expecting to have small talk or make jokes . but all your optical needs will be well-met , and that 's really what matters .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had tried several different optometrists before coming to this shop . i like this guy the bst of them all . and the staff is super nice and helpful . selection-wise , they have some interesting frames even if it is n't as extensive a selection as i would like .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love dr hirsch ! always gives me a free pair of contacts to wear home in the meantime and solution . he 's quick and very thorough . he takes good notes because he remembers stuff i do n't . his mannerisms are a bit odd but he really knows what he 's doing . he does n't just check your prescription . he checks to make sure you 're actual eyeball is okay . no cornea scratches , etc . the lady and guy in the office are great too . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dalmo was able to fit me in on a short notice and even being a first time patient i was in and out within 45 minutes . the optometrist was thorough and took his time but there was no unnecessary waiting like i 'm used to . it was refreshing to be seen by someone right away . i only went to get contacts so i ca n't comment on frames and fittings but would absolutely not hesitate to go back or recommend friends to this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at dalmo optical . dr. hirsch 's bedside manner takes a few moments to get used to but he was exceptionally thorough and allowed me to try the prescription in adjustable glasses before he finished the exam . it was exceptionally helpful to know that the lenses would n't distort as i have purchased glasses in the past from other eye doctors that have . i picked up my ben morris frames yesterday and they look and feel great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience ! brett took excellent care of me , and is one of the brightest and most efficient opticians i 've worked with . i love these glasses because he made sure they fit my face and always cleans or tightens them up for me when i stopped by . there is a great variety of frames here and they can even make prescription sunglasses ! also this ben morris framecraft line is excellent quality and i 've gotten a ton of compliments . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i suppose nothing was truly horrible about this place , but nothing was what i would consider `` good '' . i had a very cursory and rushed eye exam- `` okay , take out your contacts and put on your glasses . can you read these letters ? okay great , your prescription is fine . `` - he did a glaucoma test and looked at my retina , and then they tried to sell me some new glasses . as i barely wear glasses ever , i declined . no one was at all rude or dismissive or mean , but neither were they particularly nice or engaged . dr. hirsch is indeed a little strange , but he seems perfectly competent . he just seems a bit scattered and rushed . so i guess if what you want is a quick renewal of your current prescription and some contacts you can buy through your insurance , this is a perfectly fine place to go . just do n't expect a relaxed and thorough exam .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the receptionist was nice and courteous unlike dr. hirsch . as reported by other fellow yelpers , dr. hirsch is socially different . i had my appointment with him , he spotted me in the waiting area and did not bother to exchange even a smile or any type of recognition . i stood 1 meter from him and he dint bother . he might be busy but lacking basic courtesy is not cool . there were some problems with my insurance and i could not get my eyes checked , but in a way i was happy i dint have to deal with him . there are many good opticians around and i am happy to go to them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the stars mostly reflect the service that we received , which was not stellar . the selection was decent and the glasses were fine in the end .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not go here . i looked on yelp for optometrists and this guy ranked pretty high and the location was convenient . it was the biggest waste of time ever . the resident o.d . is completely inept . i went there for a problem i was experiencing with my eye and after he grumbled and shifted around in his office when asking him about it ( presumably he 's an expert in eyes ! ) , he suggested i look it up on the internet . i do n't know if this guy is qualified for anything beyond the most basic of eye exams . beware go somewhere else ! do n't waste your time like me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a fine eye exam , but the doctor was a little unnerving . he kind of ... leers ? it 's not threatening but just made me a little uncomfortable . the prices are reasonable and the eye exam was adequate . nothing really outstanding , but nothing wrong either ( other than the leering ) . i 've since found another eye doctor . i would n't recommend dalmo , but i also would n't advise against going there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your review helps others learn about great local businesses . please do n't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review , or if you 're connected in any way to the owner or employees.i have worked with dalmo for several years . dalmo carries some very fun , frame lines that i have not seen elsewhere in pittsburgh . better yet , they are reasonably priced ! i have had some difficulties with my eyes and the staff has been extremely kind and patient and have worked very hard trying to help me get things sorted out . a welcome change from some of the shops-with-attitude . not the fanciest shop in pittsburgh , but certainly the nicest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a find ! calling all residents of old vegas ( rancho , alta , oakey , valley view and sahara ) : this bakery is scrumptious and deserves our support . friendly and accommodating owners , delicious merchandise . innovative . caring . listening . authentic french . so happy this is on my doorstep .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the salmon sand which . the french bread was really fresh and yummy . sand which was too large for me to eat myself , so i get to take a snack home : ) will be coming back to try deserts another day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing bakery ! in an odd strip mall , but do n't let that dissuade you . the baked goods are all legitimately french and the joint is run by french people ... .very authentic . prices are reasonable , and the selection is significant . put your beret on , crank up some edith piaf on the headphones , and grab a baguette on the way home . i 'll be doing that bien sur .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my goodness , amazing omelette and eggs benedict for breakfast ! what a new hidden gem in las vegas . and now i 'm heading home with a fresh sourdough baguette and about seven different pastries that i 'm so excited to try . affordable authentic french deliciousness in an unpretentious place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on the recommendation of a friend , we decided to have a late breakfast at delices gourmands french bakery . boy what a delight that was . everything about this place was on point ! coffee , bold & strong . pastries were authentic and the crepes took me back to those bistro cafes in france and italy . we ordered from the savory crepes selection which were the paris and the montmartre . the paris crepe consisted of ham , monterey jack cheese topped with a fried egg . delicious ! the montmartre consisted of spinach , goat cheese , chicken , b\u00e9chamel , onion and monterey jack cheese . good but a little too rich for my liking . we also got a couple of pastries to accompany our coffee . i have a weakness for almond croissants and these were fantastic ! flaky , buttery with almond cream goodness inside . we also ordered the cranberry scones and they were very good . i enjoy bonjour bakery , but delices gourmands offer a bigger variety of parisian baked goods and pastries . i recommend delices gourmands . oh and naturally they have baguettes and quiches .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they definitely serve a 5 star . pastries are amazing , coffee bean is ok , service is very good and staff are friendly . cafe is really clean . wish they would put their beautiful espresso machine more out front . too awesome to hide toward the back of the kitchen . get a good french or italian bean only and rock that machine up front , the centerpiece ; ) ) ) in my opinion . for sure coming back and highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place the people are great and food is always the highest of quality the presentation of the food and the coffee was superb i would definitely go back again i had my daughter with me and she loved the chocolate muffins and blueberry muffins and ate almost half of my crepe", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great but docked stars for an employee . the man running the cash register was not friendly & did n't know the pastries when i requested by photos , and while enjoying our food my bf pointed out that he had been wearing the same gloves since we walked in , using the register , handling money , putting together pastries and cleaning the floors . baba au rhum and pistachio roll were amazing . almond croissant & pistachio bread were pretty hard & would n't order again , but we did come at 5pm . the chicken crepe was great too !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i happen to look for a quick breakfast place while waiting for my husband . this popped in on my search and went to try it since it was close by . it 's located in a shopping complex that i do n't think i would go in to . i drove around to see if it was safe and decided to go in . i walked in and there was two employees talking , i was not greeted so i said my greetings . the place looks clean and the kitchen is open . you can see the bakers in action . i ordered a cup of coffee and almond croissant . i was impressed and finished the whole thing . i have tried a few french pastry around town and by far this is now my favorite place . i ended up getting a few more items to take home so my family can taste it . i asked the guy at the counter how long they 've been open , and it 's only been a little over three months . definitely a must try , if your looking for good quality pastries .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried their bacon quiche , chocolate croissant and fresh fruit tarte . all so fresh and delicious . if you 're looking for an authentic french bakery , look no further . this place is a hidden gem ! prices are also so reasonable . i will be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food . good portions overall with a nice selection for lunch consisting of french onion soup , cold or hot sandwiches , and crepes . quality is great , and the bread and pastries are fresh and authentic . the place is a little expensive but a nice touch to the area that caters more towards fast food than local cuisine . expect service to be a little slow as there are n't many people working there . give it a try . i really hope people find out about this restaurant and come support it , especially if working or living in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so many yummy desserts . i had 4 of the macaroons . she has about 8-12 flavors . i like the fact the it 's open and you can see the kitchen . nice and clean . everything was freshly made .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! my chocolate croissant was perfect . i ca n't want to try the savory items on their menu . we will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i visited this newly opened bakery on a recent vacation . my wife selected a cheese danish , i a pistachio roll and we a pistachio financier . both the danish and pistachio roll were very good and reasonably priced , but our first ever financier proved to be at best , fair . the size of the bakery operation and number of workers was much larger than could be supported by the walk-in business we witnessed during our stay so i would hazard a guess that a wholesale operation is either in the embryonic stage or being contemplated . update : a local reviewer reported that this bakery is making the brioche rolls for eggslut that recently opened in the cosmopolitan .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we just `` discovered '' this place not far away from our neighborhood and immediately got hooked ! delicious french pastries , quiches and sandwiches ! i am a big fan of french cuisine and i am sure to become their `` regular '' : ) the owner lady was kind enough to take her time to speak french to me and it put me immediately in a good mood ! the service is fast and the prices are very reasonable . ca n't wait to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met a friend here for morning coffee . my eyes were darted towards all the pastries and bread as i enter the front door . i could n't help myself looking through the glass display at all the croissants , pastries , macaroons , quiches and cakes . coffee was great and the chocolate croissant and almond pastries takes you to france literally ! we each ordered an assortment of pastries to take home with us . it did not disappoint . the baguette was just perfect with some cheeses , crusty on the outside and soft on the inside . the good news is that i do n't live close by bakery or i suspect a thicker waist line !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our second visit here today . the food is amazing and very consistent . i 've had the quiche florentine , the croquet madam , the smoked salmon sandwich , the normandy ( turkey & apples & onions ) so good ! today i tried the tuna quiche , by far the most delicious quiche i 've ever tasted . the sandwiches and quiche come with a small side salad with a very tasty dressing . i recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . the only thing that would make this place better is if they played music . i ordered the parisien sandwich , delicious ! ! the bread was so fresh ! the french onion soup is very tasty as well , fresh thyme and lots of flavor ! they also serve organic tea , which is always a good sign in my book", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing , food and service is perfect . is a must must go . do n't miss it . more place like this should be open .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pastry bakery of las vegas ! fresh bread , quiches , cr\u00eapes , everything is so good ! ! and the french pastries are absolutely delicious ! ! i would like eat at this place everyday ! ! just excellent ! ! ! and there is a very good atmosphere ! i recommend it to you at 100 % , for everyday , wedding , baby shower , christmas , thanksgiving.. french bakery is always a good idea : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was wonderful and tasty ! very very good ! ! ! ! never been here before , will definitely be back again . large selection of bread and pastries , also a decent cafe menu if you 're looking for food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food and affordable . variety with a pastry or a savory quiche or crepe . the owner was friendly enough to help pronounce my mother 's french maiden name which my american family has pronounced incorrectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had their paris crepe . it was ham and cheese with a fried egg on top . it was delicious ! i got an eclair to go and had it eaten by the time i got to the car . i took a baguette for the house . it was so fresh ! i recommend this place . their selection of other desserts looked really good as well . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the crepes here are scrumptious ! both savory & sweet . have n't sampled the many other delicacies i see here yet , but i 'm working on it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and great service . next time i am in vegas , i am coming back for breakfast and lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i missed my exit on the 15 fwy and found this hidden gem behind the carwash . delicious baked goods and the coffee is good as well . best thing is that it is close to my office ! yay ! too bad that i drop my latte at the parking lot before i can finish it.. will definitely come back for more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a simple tuna sandwich . the bread was ( as expected ) outstanding . the surprise was just how great the rest of sandwich was . sliced egg , sweet pickles , tomato , all tasty and perfect . will be back next time i visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "warning great pastries ! ! ! habit forming ! my husband and i found this place one rainy day when we were looking for a afternoon nibble . it is everything you want in a french bakery , friendly staff , almond croissants that taste like heaven and most importantly you can see the baking area very clean . this place is a winner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little cafe is absolutely great . very authentic european flavors , none of the icky sticky salty too sweet pastries that unfortunately abound in many coffee house or breakfast cafes . i love the freshly baked bread , also . the prices are extremely reasonable for the high quality of ingredients . if it 's a splurge day for you , go ! eat a beautiful , flaky , sweet , delicate pastry . they have an abundance to choose from , so take two at least !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried the sugar brioche and chocolate eclair . the chocolate eclair is jam packed with chocolate . the sugar brioche is delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place just changed my work day life ! ! the apple turnover is everything i would give it 5 stars but i just went there for the 1st time ... 20mins ago", "score": "4"}
{"review": "greatest ever almond croissant i have ever eaten ! ! the pastries are amazing and delicious ! ! i will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bakery ! ! very friendly and all fresh items.family owned business.the location is different but do not that deter you.i highly recommend checking delices gourmands out.you will definitely enjoy their pastries", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it . i ate there with my family . croque madame were perfect . cherry cheesecake was also great ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my wife has turned me into a bit of a francophile i 've been on the lookout for authentic french places . on the recommendation of a friend , stopped in quickly for a sample . croissant and pain au chocolat were just like we had in france . flaky and buttery . baguette was perfect , crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside . it was noon so there people eating but service seemed a little slow . also , they were out of a number of items which seemed a bit odd for noontime . later in the day i could understand . would really like to try some other pastries and one of their lunch meals but overall very promising !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm beginning to think i could move to las vegas and delices gourmands is one reason why . they have great french pastries and the best coffee in the city . truly a gem . also , no tourists ( yet ... ) . come here at breakfast , sit at the counter at the window , look at the sun rising , sip espresso and take a bite of a croissant and smile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a las vegas gem tucked 2 miles west of the las vegas strip on sahara and valley view . i spotted this place while driving and really only wanted a cup of coffee . when i entered the place the smell of the fresh pastries was more then i could take , i had a coffee , a breakfast sandwich and a cheese danish ( the first time ) . the bakeryis truly french , made fresh and delicious . the staff is very nice and eager to help with your selections . venture off to this place you will not regret it . yes they do take american express ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today is the second time being here and ca n't complain , everything tasted pretty good so far . 1st time , came in for lunch with a friend and i order the smoked salmon scramble on a brioche it came with a side salad and that was delicious . also order the caramel macchiato and it was way too sweet that i could even finish half the medium size order . way too sweet ! today , i brought my kids for an after school treat and we order a few macaroons , cheese danish , almond croissant , coffee eclair and an apple danish and it 's quite good . during the 2 visits i got the same cashier and he was not very friendly or personable , does not greet you , thank you or smile . oh well , only here for the pastry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best food we had all week in vegas . quiche chicken and salmon - very tasty . ham and cheese sandwich - awesomely good . great right down to the croutons on the salad . desserts are melt in your mouth delicious . french coffee was perfect . when we come back to vegas this is the one place we will visit again . did i mention the prices are very reasonable ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having lived in france six years in the 90s , i 'm curious about everything french . so when i heard there was a new french bakery in town , i had to try it . the place had the feel -and most likely is- a wholesale operation , but still the atmosphere was welcoming and pleasant , and the staff very friendly . the selection of breads looked the par , but my years of authentic french bread experience made me a discriminating eater : the chocolate twist was good , the raisin roll not so much : too soggy , not crispy enough from outside . still a credible french bakery worth trying .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in this new french bakery for an after lunch sweet something . i had the choclate chip pecan cookie and the chocolate twist . i loved every bite of them . i will return to try something else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute little bakery with yummy teas . my friend and i had some quiches , i had the florentine and it was so full of flavor . the mushrooms were so good ! my friend had the one with ham and she loved it . that side salad it came with was not good though . the dressing was very pungent and not pleasant to the tastebuds . we had a few of their pastries as well , the one drenched in simple syrup was way too sweet . lemon tart was good and the almond croissant was under baked . my friend took home some other pastries and a loaf of their bread . the location is loaded with bums . but the bakery itself is cute , just a bad location . i suggest taking their goodies to go . really wanted to try their pistachio roll but they were out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! one of the best french bakeries in town.the food is great-always fresh and tasty , nice an friendly service , very cute and cozy interior ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , friendly service . had the veggie omelet , enjoyed it immensely . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "talk about a hole in the wall ! diamond in the rough , outside is rough , but inside is awesome , clean , and smells amazing ! they have their own bakery there and everything is made there . amazing sandwich , croique monsiuer , with an egg on top ! simply amazing . the best part is the desserts , like the fruit tart and the almond croissants ! if you like almond croissants , you must go here , it 's one of the best croissants in vegas . easy parking and super nice people working there to go along with it . highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is quality thru and thru ! excellent breakfast crepes , they are big enough to share , breakfast sandwiches are amazing and pastries and coffee are delicious ! def gon na be a regular here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent mid town authentic french cafe . great onion soup today , and the pastries are always to-die-for", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing macaroons ! perfect texture great flavor ! and made fresh everyday . super nice people and i ca n't wait to try everything ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got the french bagette today . it is probably 2 feet long & only cost $ 2.10 i believe . it 's perfect & authentic , 100 x better than supermarket bread . i also highly recommend the large square pastry with chocolate & pecans in the middle on top ( only cost $ 2.70 ) which i got the last time i went here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh , yes ! just walking in you know you are in for a treat . it smells wonderful . i went for the first time yesterday to browse but ended up getting croissants and some pastry . they were wonderful ! this is what a croissant is supposed to be . lots of layers , flaky crust and tender inside with the layers . and if you are looking for pastry that has the flaky , layered consistency with just the right amount of filling instead of the bread-y type normally found here in vegas , this is it ! make these guys successful so they stick around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very rude owner farah ! i went there last week to just get my eyebrow threading done . the girl who did the work was nice but farah was extremely arrogant . the way she talks is very rude , no people skills . she thinks this is a very high end salon , but its the worst salon i ever been to . not recommended", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this woman farrah is extremely arrogant , she talked to you as if you do n't know anything and she 's better than you . i ca n't say anything about her work because she does an amazing job and she 's a perfectionist , she mistreats her assistant and is very precise and does n't want you speaking to the nice lady . she wants the job done - but she is a scammer she lies about her prices prior to getting the service done then after will charge you what she feels like and very rude", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible and a big rip off ! ! ! ! ! ! do not recommend at all . their ad says $ 35 then when i came in farah herself said no the ad does n't matter , i 'm charging you $ 65 on top of what the ad says ? ? ! ! ! ! are you serious , that 's called false advertisement and you 're fooling clients . what a big rip off ! ! ! ! waste of my drive ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really nice event at the venue is old town . there was plenty of food and drinks . i loved the samples from hula 's , fogon and el palacio . i agree with the other yelper regarding having a water station . it would have made the flow of the drinks much smoother . the music was fun and people seem to be enjoying the party . i also loved the olive oil booth , i ended up buying the pack of olive oils and balsamic vinegar . i also got the lotion . so amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a blast at scottsdale spice this year - thanks yelp for the free tickets ! although i do n't believe they were the winning restaurant of the evening , angry crab shack 's spicy concoctions won the night in my mind . i was downing drinks like crazy to try to get rid of the burn , and i just tried the `` mild '' version ! i made an attempt at trying every restaurant 's entry , but i was stuffed ( and slightly tipsy ) by the time i stumbled upstairs , so i may have missed a few . good thing there were taxi discount coupons and a horde of taxis available for the end of the night ! the only thing i 'd recommend for next year is to increase the number of people assigned to clearing tables and increase the number of tables - there was a huge area for dancing , but no real place to rest your feet afterward . hopefully i 'll be able to come back again next year !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this event was a wonderful example of some of the best in one place . great live music and amazing samplings of the valleys best spicy food . a good time had by all . a bit pricey for entry but a good environment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wowzah ! great inaugural event . what a selection of restaurants . i feel sorry for the businesses that were not here . the samples were spicy , generous and plentiful . i had not even hit each restaurant once before i was full . with the 7 drink samples available i only hit half before i hit satisfaction . the only things i noted was the temperature , it got a little warm in the building , and not talking about the spice . the back corner with honey bear and the photo booth was very cramped . i can see this being more popular next year and it could mean even more issues with space .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great time . i won the tickets so even better . it was all free to me and my best bud ! saw a lot of my favorite yelpie friends too . i think my tongue is still peeling from the `` angry crab 's '' hot sauce . that stuff is cra , cra ! i liked the mirabel country club 's food the best . drunken shrimp with this crazy delish , cookified , crispy , garlicy baked tortilla crisp . oh my ! i could have eaten just them all night . the venue 's macaroon option was the most interesting . the other food was all good too ! the venue is a cool place for sure . for next time , my thoughts are that they could have had more garbage cans out and maybe water stations to make the flow of the event and bar go a bit smoother . it was awkward trying to eat and walk around . a lot of bumping and spilling occurred , although the trays helped . i thought the band was great ! i wonder who won the golden ticket ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible . disorganized . and believe it or not , did n't serve vodka . the event is not worth the $ 55.00 with the exception of possibly the live entertainment . this actually could be a gold mine event , but would need professionals to pull it off , not chamber of commerce volunteers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we bought a new home in the beginning of this year . the developer used gothic for the backyard that we designed . one plant was n't actually planted in the ground so it sat in the plastic container without access to water and died . we 've had 2 plants die as well , most likely due to them being planted in january . we have a warranty on the plants yet gothic refuses to honor it . we 've had appointments scheduled for them to come out and they do n't . they do n't return any voicemails you leave either . not to mention their office hours are a joke . i wish i could give them 0 stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good luck trying to get a quote from them ! their work looks great but someone came to my house almost 2 months ago , i called them 3 weeks ago to see where my quote was , was promised by the end of the week and never got anything . it 's nice to not need the business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just on the 202 freeway and the gothic landscaping truck was driving without having their load strapped tarped down , littering trash , grass debris all over the place . yuck ! they might do a great job landscaping but use a tarp for safety and cleanliness guys !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not believe that these people actually get business for their crappy service and attitude . after getting our new home built , we had a leak from our water line for our landscaping . after going through our builders owners entry , they finally scheduled to come out to our house . by the time they came , we already had our backyard done by another company , so gothic landscaping blames them for it . my wife calls to follow up when they 're going to fix the water leak - and katie ( sp ? ) proceeds to call my wife a liar and that it was the other company 's fault . she then proceeds to say that `` we 're going to fix it anyway '' then hangs up . to say this company 's customer service gives poor gives it a whole new meaning . once you find out that your builder used this company for your landscaping and you need service - do n't even waste your time . you 'll just give yourself an unnecessary headache .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only after a letter to the owner of the company , did gothic do what they were actually obligated to do contractually . that should never happen . they even threw in a few plants . advice : do your homework . get estimates from several contractors especially if you are putting out the big bucks for design as we did . if possible , go to the nursery where the company gets their plants and see if the plants are reasonable sized - do not go by `` 5 gallon , '' etc . we are having our entire front yard , back yard and courtyard redone by another company . we learned our lesson and wasted time and quite a bit of money . we want design and professionalism .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had my sprinkler pipes stolen within two days of moving into my home . the builder is using gothic to landscape the whole sub , and suggested i call them to replace the pipe . customer server , dale , was there the same day to ensure someone would be coming . called the office on friday , and they informed they were overbooked for the day , but someone would be there saturday . saturday afternoon , despite a long day , the super himself came out and replaced my pipes , along with another gentleman that replaced three dead flowers warranted by the builder . considering gothic to landscape my backyard after the care they provided .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "anyone looking to have their yard landscaped by this company watch out ! ! ! this place is horrible to deal with and has no communication skills ! ! my job was pushed back for weeks and nothing was communicated to me . on top of that i am now having to report them to my bank as fraud since they have yet to return the upfront money i gave them . horrible horrible experience all the way around ! i would n't even give them 1 star but that is the lowest it would allow me to select . i just hope my bank is able to get the money back soon from these rat b @ stards ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had electrician review electric by gothic . did not even install bubble for outside plug to protect circuitry when raining . gothic did not connect wiring through metal pole for outside connections . gothic did not use a water resistant box for outside electrical work . the person whom told writer indicated cost of items was only a few dollars but rather than provide what customer needed and necessary they made sure to keep their margins intact . if you do n't know anything about electrical work make sure you have someone troubleshoot for you . otherwise they will take advantage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a new home and gothic did the original front yard landscaping which was destroyed putting a pool in . called gothic to get an estimate to have the system repaired . sent a person out who said he would email the estimate . i have called twice , still no estimate or a return call . they must not need my business ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "gothic far exceeded our expectations . from the initial design process to the actual installation , everything was amazing . our yard is even more beautiful than we ever imagined . a big thank you to steve , rob & crew for making our transforming our ho-hum front yard into a stunning masterpiece . thank you , thank you , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best in the business . i have long dealt with many other landscaping companies , and will no longer do so after my experience with gothic . professional staff , and great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would highly recommend gothic landscaping . we are new to the area from colorado and needed some plants transplanted . this typically does n't sound like a major problem but this was an emergency because the plants were going to be destroyed and we had 4 days to get this done . after calls to other landscapers that could n't meet the timeframe we spoke with debra in customer service at gothic . she sent out eric the very next day and work was completed on that same day at a very reasonable price . gothic is amazing ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we read many of the poor reviews posted and wondered if we were talking about the same company.christy adams and antero have treated us like royalty.all of our concerns were adressed in a timely matter.from the planning stages to completion was done with out complication and now we have one of the nicest yards in our subdivision.i , had bids that were a little lower than gothic but worried about after sales service.gothic tended to all my needs and i would recommend them highly.david and teresa good year az.and yes i would with out hesitation use them again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company was hired by my builder to put in the front yard . they obviously just came in and slapped in the x number plants they were contracted to put in . i guess it was too much effort to give some thought on what and where to plant ? i would not hire this company based on what i 've seen in my yard and my neighbors ' yards .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my experience with gothic was exceptional . i used them for some work in the front of my house where i added a courtyard . this included pavers , plants , trellis for vines and drainage system . the designer listened to what i wanted and made some additional suggestions . the implementation of the project was timely . the team showed up on time and completed within timeframe promised . a few days later , the supervisor of the install team called and asked if i was satisfied . rob came out to check on everything and make sure everything looked good . everyone i dealt with was professional and thorough . i love my new courtyard area ! i am very happy with everyone i came into contact with and would recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible in every way . really , stay away from them ! ! ! they kill healthy plants and trees so they can charge you to replace change them . they are literally butchers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , gothic landscaping has the best customer service i have ever experienced . from the moment kathy crawford picked up that phone i knew i was in good hands . i am closing on a new pulte home in florence , az on september 16th which meant the front yard landscaping was going in on august 29th ( one week from the day we spoke ) . i wanted to change out a couple of the trees thinking it was no big deal but little did i know the steps necessary to make this change . kathy cared enough to listen to my request and although it would be near impossible she and her team made it happen ... who does that ! i could n't be more happy with the efforts made by this firm and will be eternally grateful . if you are looking for a quality company , from the vision to install , you need to reach out to gothic landscaping .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have truly enjoyed working with gothic these past few months . great company that cares about their clients and goes out of their way to make sure all of my needs are met .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gothic landscaping could not be worse . they have no idea what they are doing . do n't call them to fix whatever they screwed up though , because whatever they did wrong they will screw it up worse by trying to fix it . stay away from this company unless you want broken irrigation , beautiful plants ripped out of the ground and left to die , shrubs trimmed beyond survival , scalped lawns , etc etc . and do n't believe a word they say when they say they will fix it , they lie right to your face or perhaps have no idea what they are saying .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the most poorly managed companies i have ever dealt with . not only are they full of excuses ( hence the gentlemen that helped us a `` field manager '' ) , but they have the professional acumen of a child . by default i have had to deal with them on my new kb home and i would honestly give them a d rating . not only are they unresponsive to deal with your issue in a timely manner ( it is what fits their schedule ) , they lack the basic customer service skills of communication ( ie running late , there is an issue , i ca n't be there etc ) . it is easy to read this and think `` man this guy got burned , '' however , i gave them several chances to right the wrong and now i am done . i would advise kb home and any other person company interested in landscaping to seek out a good company like valley crest or your local gardener .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "eric s was working on our neighbors landscaping and my husband needed help with our irrigation system . he went above and beyond by taking the time to help my husband in addition to completing our neighbors landscaping ! thanks again eric s !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonder where a greek would send you for authentic greek food ? wonder no more , my friend from way back , sent my husband and i over here so we could taste his favorite greek food from the old country . mr t has been here quite a while but he swears this place reminds him of home..not sure if home was in a strip mall but nether the less , he loves the joint . food was hearty and tasty not sure exactly what each thing was but we had a combo plate that was big and tasty . the place isn'tmuch to look at and the owners run the place by themselves which always seems to be the hallmark of `` real '' food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "golden greek and it 's owners are fantastic . i have been going here for the better part of 20 years even as i have moved in and out of the general area . my parents still live near here , so anytime i drive in from surprise with the kids we hit it up ! the family who owns runs this has both greek and italian background thus the menu selections . i am a big fan of nearly everything on both sides on this menu . on weekend night you have to get here early , there are only about 10-12 tables in the place and i 've never seen anyone other than the one lady as a waitress ... .so it can get slow . also they close from the end of june through early august every year , i always forget that until i have a craving for their food and show up to see the sign on the door to burst my bubble . lol ! this is probably one of the places i recommend most in the entire valley , i hope they are here for many more years to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ohhhhhhh , i am craving the golden greek right now . so since i ca n't eat it , i will review it . i have not been in some time but as far as i can remember it was one of the best greek meals i have ever had . the ambiance is hmmmm ... . how do you say this ? dumpy ? but the food is just so fabulous that you forget you are sitting in a booth with duct tape holding it together . the gyros are excellent . give it a try if you are in the area . the price is affordable too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely amazing food . very authentic . i 'm pretty sure the owners are right off the boat . we dine here as often as possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greek salad with grilled chicken was yummy ! call ahead and put in a take-out order so you do n't have to sit and eat in the place ... thumbs down for ambiance and loud employees owners yelling at each other ; the ballistics may have been a cultural thing , but i felt like running out of the building at one point !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is delicious . i have never had a bad meal here . between the greek chatter and momma cooking in the kitchen . ... you know your going to eat well . i am from el paso texas and a family member turned us on to this place . now it is our greek favorite in the phoenix area . opa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is fantastic and as authentic as it gets . the service is sometimes hit or miss , because they 're a family run buisness and usually only one person on staff to serve . it 's also very small indoors , but honestly worth it for the food . i 've tried several things on the menu , but i always go back to the gyros ( usually the sandwich ) . and if they 've got it , try the hummus . best i have ever had , it 's hard to resist licking the bowl afterwards ( i am not a barbarian so of course i use a piece of homemade pita bread for that ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i have eaten here about a dozen times in the last 6 months or so . being fans of both italian and greek foods , i try to eat something different every time . so far , i have n't had anything that was less than delicious ... service is great , and the customers are usually loaded with character , too ... two thumbs up , for sure ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! ! ! love the gyro sandwich and greek salad for lunch ! ! ! i know the owners the and they are very friendly to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food at reasonable prices . most everything is under $ 10 . although the service is slow and the woman ( tess ) can act rude and nasty . not a large menu . i usually stick to the greek options , although the chicken marsala is tasty . the stuffed grape leaves and moussaka are both excellent . baklava is my favorite dessert and they do a good version with plenty of orange blossom syrup , but they frequently run out of it , so do n't arrive too late .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in this area ( 35th ave & glendale ave ) there are n't that many options for good mom & pop restaurants . the golden greek has broken that stigma . the food and value definitely make this a place worth visiting at least once a month . the place is small and quaint and clean . the food was simple yet amazing . on our first visit , we tried the gyro plate and baked lasagna . both absolutely delicious . for those who love a nice gyro , do n't be thrown off by their pita bread . it looks like a typical roll , but gives the gyro an awesome taste . their tzatziki sauce is very fresh . although it 's a greek restaurant , the italian fare here is worth a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here about once a week and i always get the chicken apollo . they 're feta cheese in this chicken sandwich is really good . the dressing is awesome too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does it right . small unassuming location with no frills but great authentic mom and pop greek food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of our favorite neighborhood spots . at first , the service will seem a little cold or distant , but as you come in more often , you will almost be treated as a member of the family . my advice is to be patient , because the food is worth it . you need to know that they go on vacation every summer , for most of july and early august . this year they re-opened on august 8th , so it is safe to check out now . i 'm a huge fan of their lentil soup , and both the greek and horiatiki salads are truly excellent . my daughter really likes their hummus . my wife and i agree that the tastiest stuff on the menu is the pasta el greco . well worth checking out if you are in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a cute mom and pop greek italian restaurant . the food was delicious . the gyro comes on their homemade bread instead of pita . delicious ! the spanakopita was great too . they are a small business , so not super speedy , but worth the wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man . this greek restaurant is the definition of a `` hole in the wall '' . you walk in and instantly feel as though you are in a little restaurant in greece . the food is incredible . i feel as though my yia-yia was back in the kitchen cooking away for me . very authentic tasting food . will be back ... probably tomorrow .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been visiting since 1988 , great food , lunch gyro special is the best ! homemade pita , sauce is awesome . yes , you will here the family screaming in the kitchen , yes pans and plates crashing but its has been this way since they have opened . if going to lunch , go early , same for dinner , all about timing here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no this place is not aesthetically pleasing , but the food is tasty , pretty cheap and the service is friendly . the lamb souvlaki is good but the lamb seems to be more gristly than others i 've had . the rolls are amazing ! i gave it 3 stars because there is better greek food out there , but this quite good for how cheap it is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the golden greek is awesome ... .the food is authentic and is run by a family from greece . my family and i have been going there for over 25 years . the food is awesome , the service has been described to me by others to be a bit cold , but after you have dined there for a while you become like family . go for the food ... .it 's amazing the prices are excellent as well . the chicken sandwich for lunch is wonderful and comes with a salad and tsatsiki sause , dinner has souvlaki ( both chicken or lamb ) , and the shrimp yvesi is the best . the golden greek is just north of glendale ave. on 35th ave in a small shopping center ... you will not be sorry ... ..i would eat there every day if it was possible..if you want the real thing ... then go see tessi and phillip at the golden greek .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got to try this place , it 's been here for 30 years ... cute little dining area , only about 11 tables . a lot of locals come here , you have your choice of greek or italian . i opted for greek appetizer , spanakopita ( spinach & feta cheese wrapped in filo dough and deep fried ) . very good , ca n't go wrong with deep fried . my entr\u00e9e came with choice of dinner salads , i opted for greek ... pretty good , a bit overdressed . i ordered veal parmigiana which comes with spaghetti or ziti , i chose spaghetti . it also comes with garlic bread . it was good , everything had nice seasoning and the veal was pan fried with a light batter . portions are huge and inexpensive . the owner server was a sweet & attentive lady . definitely a mom pop restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great greek food , as good as mom use to make . do n't expect a fancy interior , it is all about the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food . service was a little slow , but the atmosphere is entertaining .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was introduced to this place by my boyfriend . it 's a small , family run restaurant that has been in the neighborhood for decades . have been coming here for years now and have never had anything remotely bad . the spanakopita is to die for ! the gyro plate is my favorite . their soups are great . their pitas are homemade . the baklava ... .mmmmm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was highly recommended to me , and i have to admit , i was completely underwhelmed . the gyro itself was pretty average . not the worst , but not something i 'll miss . the inside is pretty old looking , and not in a cool vintage kind of way . the service was mediocre to bad . the man running the register , who seems like he 's also the chef and possibly the owner , was n't in a great mood , and there was a woman , i can only assume is the co-owner , who was standing in the restaurant apparently upset as well and being loud . i left thinking the food itself was okay , but i have no intentions of ever returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to go here all the time and the food was the best and the price is very reasonable . have started going back and it is still the best food and great price . family owned buisness that has been here for a long time and that says something about the food and people who are there . if you love mediterranean food you should give them a try . i love a great salad and their antipasta salad rocks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have searched high and low for authentic fresh greek food all over the country and this is literally the best i 've found . i 'm a hummus fanatic and this is a from-scratch recipe the owners have passed down in their family directly from greece . the greek chicken salad with fresh bread is the perfect lunch option and the ambiance makes you feel like you 've walked straight into a cliff side village nestled into the mediterranean . i 've been eating here for over 15 years and it never disappoints , do n't underestimate this hidden gem !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was skeptical at first , it looked like a small dive in a run down strip mall . however , we were pleasantly surprised to find the food was authentic and absolutely delicious . i would recommend this place to.anyone who wants a real greek meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices are great . the homemade pita is excellent . the service is wonderful . small , perfect dining room . quick delivery of food . we enjoy our occasional lunch here with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an old style family restaurant . a very good value for the money . my entire group liked the food . a little bit of everything for everyone . we ate greek food , they also have italian . can not vouch for the italian as we all ate greek food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never had a problem coming here . service is friendly , though a little slow at times since it is a mom & pop type establishment . absolutely loathed the mousaka , but that could just be my personal taste . the spanakopita was delicious and their gyros are to die for . pro-tip : if you are wanting your gyro on a pita , specify `` flat bread '' with them . otherwise it could come out on a ciabatta , which i will say is not half bad itself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best greek food in arizona . the owners are greek so the food is authentic . family owned . i love the chicken soulvaki . i usually get the greek salad with chicken . the pita bread is homemade . i 've been coming here for about 15yrs and even though it is n't the fanciest place i 've never had a bad meal . i do let my friends know that the owners servers are n't being rude they 're just busy . ( they can seem a bit short at times ) went for about 3yrs and then realized they are super if you talk to them . ca n't say enough good things about this place . if you like good food you 'll love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been going to this restaurant since i was in high school in the 80 's . this is by far the best greek food in az . i 'm greek myself , have been to greece . this is as authentic as it gets . bess the waitress is great . i have read about the service on other reviews , just like in greece ... .once you have been here more than a couple of times ... you are family..i crave the food when i have been gone for too long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has been here for as long as i remember . been here with my parents as a kid , and tried it again as an adult with my husband . did not disappoint ! very tasty and you get alot of food for their already decent prices . only 4 stars because the service was a little slow and they were out of a couple of the sodas they offered . my husband says we will be back , so maybe they will get the opportunity to earn the last star : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been going to golden greek for some 5 or 6 years . food is always good and salads greens are always fresh and good . tip : the place is always full in the evening so get there early .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please do yourself a favor and visit this diamond in the rough . the service in mediocre at best , but it honestly does n't matter when you 're getting such a delicious meal at a good price . the bread is definitely home made and i could probably eat it all day . i could die in it and be happy . its amazing . i eat here a lot with my mother on her lunch breaks and we love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming here since i was a child and the quality of the food has only improved . it is our favorite restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a cool little place you can tell that they 've been around for a while they probably have n't changed their decor since they opened in the early eighties but the food was pretty damn good had the lamb kabob very good gassy taste like real lamb they did leave a little bit too much fat but that just adds more flavor little chewy though the grape leaf things we 're good on their own did n't we like the sauce but overall tasty service a little slow very friendly and i think they do off menu specials every day too i need to ask next time i go and their prices are very reasonable i like this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . best gyro sandwich you will ever have . order it with grilled onions ! we drive all the way across town for their food . i have been going here for 25 plus years and always get great food . service is like most family owned restaurants . the more you go the better it gets . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best greek food on the west side of town . i really like the soup and cheese appetizer . this is the a little place hidden in a strip mall but a hidden jewel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "although this is one of my favorite greek restaurants the baked lasagna dinner i had wednesday night was not up to par . their menu describes it as covered with meat sauce , there was no meat to be found in the sauce at all . my fault for not questioning them about the lack of meat in the sauce . the portion size was very good however the lasagna really lacked some meat and ricotta cheese in various layers . mostly noodles , cheese and sauce . i would have enjoyed this much more if the sauce covering it has a decent amount of meat , this was not to be on this visit . as this was my first time ordering the lasagna i expected a meal as described on the menu . do n't get me wrong , the $ 8 price was more than fair , i just needed meat as promised .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best greek in the valley . it is one of those hole in the walls where you go for the food , not the service . this little place has four employees and i think they do an amazing job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the golden greek has been one of my favorites for many years ! it 's a great little family owned and run establishment ! always great food and service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite greek place in the valley . you ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu , they serve the best calamari i have ever had . the italian food is good as well . service is slow , so plan on awhile and it is n't served with a smile , but it does n't matter , the food is that good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is n't the biggest mall i 've been to but it has everything a girl like me could want . there 's a macy 's with a mac counter . as well as a sephora and an ulta . i also like that there is a target attached to it . i 'm addicted to target . if you come here for cloths there 's options as well . i feel they are missing some kids stores and that would be my only real complaint . there is also a barnes and noble with a starbucks inside if you want to expand your mind . it 's much better then century 3 mall up the street from me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "updating the mall with new additions currently . while i hate the drive out here , because i loathe washington road , it 's become a decent mall . actually , once they add forever 21 all i need for them to do to support my shopping habits is h & m. with teavana , apple , limited ( one of only two in the area ) and most importantly target , i 'm okay with shvm . i 'll be interested to see what they do with the updates . one negative note , they took the taco bell out , so it 's just some generic taco stand now . i was really craving a gordito bowl , darn you ! ! ! but the food court has come a long way since the days of every other front being empty . you have your gross chinese , burger joint and sushi spot ( i 'm a little skeptical of that place ) . if only they could make washington road a highway and things would magically happen out here ... maybe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was forced to drive down to this mall by the girlfriend who needed to go to express to use a gift card or buy some pants or something . as far as a critique of the mall ? it seems like a perfectly average mall - decent stores that seemed to range on the mid to higher end , has an apple store , was pretty clean not too crowded . the food court 's got your typical mall food court fare . plenty of parking . my biggest complaint was that this place , while possibly located well for residents of the area , was not the easiest to access from interstate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "its been a long time since my first initial review . actually a year after writing that my bf worked here so i spent a lot of time here . this mall is ok but i wish it had a jcp . i 'm not a huge fan of sears or macys and just never understood why jcpenny was n't cool enough to be here . i do appreciate the disney store and target . personally i head to ross park mall for shopping bc i prefer the shopping choices off of mcknight rd such as ross , norstrom rack , old navy , gabes ect . i hardly ever go out of my way for south hills since id have to head thru the tunnels or rt 51 to get here.. both such traffic-wise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , it 's been two years since boscov 's closed , not that i miss it , as i think this area could use a higher end anchor to go with the existing macy 's , like lord & taylor or nordstrom . that would bring this mall up to par , as it does have some quality stores , such as white house black market , j crew and banana republic . i appreciate that sephora is here , i like the macy 's home store , and was gladdened last month to note the addition of a teavana , which i hope signals an upswing for this mall . i 'm not sure why the better department stores avoid this location , although it could be due to competition from the nearby tony galleria that 's stopping them . after shopping the malls in tyson 's corner , va and king of prussia , pa , i may be a little picky , as this is n't a bad mall , just not the best . maybe when the economy improves we 'll get something good here ... still waiting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "are there better malls - yes ! are there worse malls - yes ! this one gets the whole `` middle of the road '' award . it has the stores you need , macy 's , sephora , banana , limited ... at least these are the stores that i need in my life . i will say i have a preference to ross park b c of all the options and all it 's glimmer and glamour ( high end stores ) - but good ol ' shv is n't too shabby . it gets the job done in terms of the mall experience . it has a decent sized food court and several stores for most people 's shopping fancy . there 's a movie theater close by and several chain restaurants in the area - it 's a suburban paradise .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "meh . not impressed . felt like to me that the mall has gone downhill .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i prefer this mall over the robinson town center mall , it is a little larger and more upscale , it is also in a great location being close by to washington pa and 20 minutes from pittsburgh , there is simply more shopping and eateries in the area . staff at the stores here are very nice and also the mall has a very `` bustling '' and busy feel to it , thus making it a fun place to shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like this mall ! it 's def my number 1 choice of malls to visit with in a reasonable distance from where i live ( followed by westmoreland mall and then monroeville ) . pros : very clean ; huge food court with appealing dining options ; a ton of stores ; restrooms are very clean ! parking is plentiful all around the mall ( except if you 'd like to park @ the food court entrance -- that 's always a bit tricky with the theater sharing the lot ) . apple store ; coach store ; sephora ... need i say more ? : ) cons : n a i seriously do n't have any complaints about this mall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this mall a lot . it 's in an upscale area and has unique stores . they have an apple store , disney store ( only one in the area ) , red robin , eat n park and movie theater to name a few . there are also stores and restaurants around the mall . it 's clean and modern and has lots of clothing stores . one of my favorite places to shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "time for another updated review . the boscov 's closed because of that chain 's financial difficulties . macy 's now dominates the retail scene , having merged both lazarus and kaufmann 's . i really wonder what will go into the vacant space . time was the retail scene in pittsburgh was dominated by two locally-owned chains -- horne 's and kaufmann 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as of my recent visit to south hills village i noticed that they are trying to get a little more upscale with the addition of michael kors next to the coach store . they are also building a 2nd restaurant in the food court area that has something to do with noodles . i think they are trying to add a few of the businesses that are in ross park mall but really do n't have the room for all of them . the only good thing about that is saving the long drive to the north hills from upper st clair . for me driving to the mall is n't hard since i know back roads that save me time off of washington road . best time to go is early morning when it opens or during the dinner hour . again try to avoid sat as it does get crowded . jared is also located in the complex but as a stand alone store along with barnes and noble and bone fish grill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this mall is just the right size , not too big , not too small . it has all of the typical moderately priced stores you would expect in a mall and a nice food court . the mall is getting a much-needed facelift with new escalators and restaurants . there are also surrounding restaurants , shops , and a movie theater that make this a one stop shop for anything you need . i actually go out of my way to come to this mall to go to see 's candies for some specialty chocolate goods . perfect for gifts and the holidays !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great mall . it is pretty large , with two floors and lots of stores . it is clean and appears to generally be pretty well managed . the food court is pretty broad , and the washrooms are fairly clean . the only down-side is parking - it seems like it 's almost always full . i can drive round to the back side and generally find some spots , but the main areas are probably just under-sized .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this mall is dated , dead , and needs a shot in the arm . with target going in where boscov 's was might help , i think this mall suffers from the galleria being in the same area and the mall at robinson having more to choose from . this mall is a giant box with stores , like most malls , only this mall is actually shaped like a box .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "please . just make the drive to ross park mall . everyone else does . you 'll thank me later .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "south hills village is a very average mall indeed . they have every mall store you 'd expect , small food court . also a separate movie theater and a roxy cafe are behind the mall 's food court . the draw of this mall for me , and probably half of the other people who frequent it , is that it 's the most easily accessible from downtown pittsburgh and the south hills . the pittsburgh 42s t ( light rail trolley ) ends at south hills village parking garage , and other buses go directly to the mall 's outdoor parking lot . i had taken buses to other malls in and around pittsburgh ( robinson mall , north hills village , ross park mall ) and shv is by far the easiest to get to . i suppose one other draw for parents of small children is that the mall has a play area which i have always seen packed full of kids . convenient mall . best bet for malls in the burgh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the mall of my youth , my teen years , young adult , and 30s ... boy the mall has seen a lot of changes and not always for the best . i do n't get there as often as i used to . having always lived 5-15 minutes away that all changed once i moved back to the city . however , i do take the trolley out once a month or so to stock up at lush . it 's still weird to me for target to be a part of the mall .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "south hills village is just a nice , big well-kept mall . there 's not really much good or bad about it . the stores are pretty much what you 'd find elsewhere . throw my 3 star rating in the hat as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this mall is a decent size and has two floors of moderately priced stores for accessories , clothing , candies , books , toys , restaurants , home decor , and cosmetics . anchor stores are macy 's , target , sears , barnes & noble , and dick 's sporting goods . i showed up on a saturday afternoon and was still able to find a parking spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm very excited about the changes the mall has been making . they have updated and upscaled their look . i am super happy how the bathrooms are now . the food court looks like a place to eat and hang out with your friends . there are more places to sit and relax . they have added communal tables that also have charging stations . they have brought in some new stores like michael kors which is wonderful . some stores have stayed , some have updated and some left which made room for new places . i 'm all about change so i 'm glad to see the mall being updated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "please let sales girls give good customer service . they did n't buy it . deceitful practice is , so outdated . nordstrom is customers service , experts . honesty is always going tocsell .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "rubbish mall everything out of date & many shops close early", "score": "1"}
{"review": "south hills village is a good size mall . with the favorite mall stores , gap , aeropostale , coach , and the apple store . it 's bright , and airy , unlike some other malls that are definitely on the decline . this is the something for everyone type of mall . boscovs closed a few years ago , and it seems like they are having trouble filling the huge empty anchor location . there have been rumors of different ideas , but nothing yet . the barnes and noble in the area is a great addition . and the adjacent carmike cinemas pretty much rounds out the mall experience here . the food court is large , offering something of everything typical mall food . red robin recently opened up in the old roxy , and seems to be busy . fits the bill nicely for one of those quick trips to the mall , downside is there 's no music store ( fye ) , and the selection offered at barnes and noble is limited .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice place to shop , they also have apple store and disney store , but you wont find luxury dept store here . but they have macy 's . across the parking lot . there is a cinema", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've barely visited the stores at this mall , but the mall holds the sole location of a check cash deposit-enabled bank of america atm in the pittsburgh metropolitan area . that , and one of two apple stores in the same metro area ( the other being in shadyside ) and for that ... .yeah . it 's a pretty generic simon mall . very clean , but nothing spectacular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty solid mall . all the good , standard , chain retail stores , plus some interesting kiosks . food court is extensive and diverse , for mall food at least . located in a convenient location with lots of free parking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i seem to always have to make a run to one of the stores inside this mall . i live nearby and it has everything i need : target ( and a starbucks inside ! ) , macy 's , banana republic , sephora , coach , apple store and victoria 's secret . there is also a food court , but it seems expensive for what it is . the funny thing is that you ca n't access barnes and noble from inside the mall-you have to walk or drive around to it 's entrance . there is also a detached macy 's furniture store . yeah , it 's a little odd , but there are some great stores here that make it easy to lose a few hours of your day shopping .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this mall has a horrible selection and they have horrible mall management . the mall is so cheap they do n't have the ac on during the summer and they have the heat blasting so high in the winter that you sweat no matter the season .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a very nice mall , and they have a lot of construction and updating going on at this time , so i am very excited to visit shv in a few months once they are all done with the construction . i also can not wait to see the new stores and the giaannnttt dicks sporting goods . oh yeah ... did i mention there is an apple store ? ! that alone is worth coming here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "south hills village mall is n't the fanciest mall in the pittsburgh area but has the basics . gap gap kids , sephora , jcrew , coach , apple store , hallmark etc ... the food court is n't horrible . there are some decent food options . there 's a gloria jean 's coffee inside but i would prefer a starbucks instead . it 's connected to a macy 's and target . there 's plenty of outdoor parking , although on a weekend , it can be difficult to find a spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a pretty good mall that has gotten better over the years . its got a good food court , its very clean and well maintained . its not like the other dying malls in pittsburgh with a bunch of closed stores and cell phone shops ... you can actually get some good shopping done here ! ! the parking lot is huge and it shares a lot with a dicks , a tire place , an eat'n'park and a large movie theater .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been going to this mall since i was a kid . still the best mall around ! trendy , updated , clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ever since i was a child visiting pittsburgh , we 've made it an effort to go to south hills village for our tax free shopping needs . this pattern has continued into adulthood . south hills village offers your basic+ stores , including macys , verizon , apple , banana republic and so forth . i like south hills because it 's clean , well cared for , and has a pretty rocking food court . if you 're looking for a mall with some extras but not all the bells and whistles , then give south hills village a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this mall so much better than century 3 . century 3 mall do n't have hardly anything left but this one has a lot i find it awesome that they have an apple store & a red robin", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the pleasure of being greeting by ms. dutch . warm and friendly and was very knowledgeable of the swarvorski products . i got 3 great pieces , so go by and see ms dutch she will take good care of you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to the area and i really enjoy this mall . it 's very clean and there are just so many great stores to choose from ! the food court is pretty yummy too : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was reading all the reviews in my area on the best nail salons to go to and came across bobo 's spa and nails . decided i would give it a try since they had great ratings.. boy was i disappointed when i walked out of there . the lady that did my polish change was a sweet lady but she rushed through my polish application and in the end my shellac polish was uneven , the polish was n't applied properly on my nails , and there are specks of debris on my nails . being a nail technician , i am very particular about my nails and polish application , but i 've been to many places that have done a better job . i will not be going back to bobo 's and the prices there are a little overpriced . i had to pay $ 6 to fix a broken nail and then $ 19 for a shellac polish + tax.. a regular manicure costs less and you get the works done on your nails and hands . my shellac polish lasted me four days and then started peeling..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for 3 years now for manicures and pedicures . they do an amazing job of taking care of my hands and feet and the ladies are super nice and fun to talk to . they also have a very extensive collection of nail polish colours ( opi and essie ) and always carry the newest collections from these lines . and if you 're worried about sharing nail files and buffers , you can ask to get your own personal box which includes those two items and they keep it there for whenever you return . p.s . there are daily specials here . from what i can remember of the top of my head tuesdays are 20 % off for people 19 yrs or younger and wednesdays are $ 45 for a mani and pedi p.p.s . no tax when you pay cash !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best nail salons i 've been to in richmond hill . their equipment are clean and sterilized and they have kind mannered staff working there who are attentive to detail ( esp when cleaning the cuticles ) their manis are on the pricer side , but its worth it esp when they do their hand massage . ( feels soo nice ) they do n't rush and i 'm always pleased with the final product . definitely book an appointment beforehand because it can get quite congested .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here with a friend for her birthday in the fall of 2011 , and neither of us had been before . we were pleasantly surprised with the service . we were able to receive our manis and pedis together in a room . my friend got an additional paraffin wax with her mani pedi that we splurged for her bday , but the regular mani pedi were great enough as well ! the place is a bit small , so it probably would n't accommodate large groups at the same time . prices are typical spa prices , but definitely better than the luxurious spas . they also have deals posted on the window as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so yuki is n't there anymore , and i had my nails done by misun . ( shellac mani ) she did a bad job ( poor filing , uneven polish application , cut me ) and i wo n't go to her again . i will have to try someone else out at bobo 's next time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super expensive for no reason . regular mani and pedi came up to 58 $ instead of 35 $ where everywhere else charges . . i 'm not sure why everyone says good things about this place . its nothing special . they did n't do anything extra . their service was regular and i 've seen much nicer spas . my shellac peeled off after a week . save your money and go somewhere else . there is nothing special about this place for them to be charging so much other than the fact they are in richmond hill . which is silly because there are 4 different nail places around that are much nicer and just as clean if not cleaner", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i use to come here . i did n't mind paying more here since i liked the service but past few times i have came my pedicure has been done so horrible . 4 times in row my polish came right off in two days .. they also have been rushing me off . i rather pay 35 and get the job done right at different place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! the staff have provided amazing service for me , my mom and my friends , and i love that they 're so close to my workplace . i do wish the mani pedi special was available on weekends as well ... it 's not possible for me to do mani & pedi on a tuesday unless it was my day off from work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here to fix a manicure that i got recently and i was so glad afterwards ! i was annoyed that my last one did n't last so i had to get my nails redone within days . yuji was super nice , skilled and fast . she looked at my nails and told me that i only needed a polish change since i had just gotten a manicure recently . it was $ 5 for removal of my old shellac and $ 19 for the polish change . i got an opi shellac manicure and it was perfect . i was so glad i got everything fixed so quickly . this place gets busy so make sure you book an appointment !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going to bobos spa ever since it opened and i 've never left unhappy . they have a very friendly staff and are flexible with scheduling appointments . all the services i 've ever had there such as mani pedis , waxing , massages and facials were always done with attention and properly . everything is very clean and i keep going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to bobo 's for monthly mani pedis for almost two years . the service is great , the staff are wonderful and i especially love the pedicure rooms where you and a friend have some privacy from the other salon guests . the prices are reasonable , and i have never had a complaint about the service . the are n't too busy during the week but i have learnt to call ahead on the weekends so i am not disappointed . if you are looking for a good place to go north of the city i would highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this nail place has become indifferent to customer service . big mistake . there is lots of competition out there just waiting to get my dollars , and they have . it used to win `` best nail place '' in the local paper , but they have not kept up . the decor is worn down . the staff turns over very quickly , and they do not seem happy at all . i was once a loyal customer , but no more . i was left high and dry in a chair after the technician decided she was too tired . the problem ? no one told me ! i was left waiting for a manicure while others went about their business of ignoring me . if that 's how little they think of a paying customer , then they will not ever get my business again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let 's just say it was my first time and i 'll definitely be back ! had a mani pedi done . same woman did both . great colors , clean etc etc.. ! ! ! gave 4 stars cause it 's a little pricey ... but it 's worth the extra $ ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to bobo 's for about 4 times now . they work very fast and every time my sister i book before the day of , there 's usually a spot available . they are always packed with clients , so i would recommend calling in advance for your appointments ! the ladies there do n't really make a conversation with you , but they do their work extremely fast , i 'm in and out within 30-35 minutes . parking : easy price : good ( shellac $ 34 ) service : good clean : yes would go again ? : yes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had tried this nail spa for shellac manicure . the technician there did a good work on french manicure . unfortunately there is no sample of design that i could pick . fair price and i am happy with what i paid for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "staff is rude , small tiny rooms for pedicures are awkward , and my nail polish lasted 2 days before chipping and i do take care of them . overpriced too ! try out sandalwood spa if you 're in the area..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great for getting your nails done . they are professional and well trained and extremely nice . highly recommend for a mani and pedi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an appointment yesterday for a shellac . it was my first time . i was seen right away and i wanted the french manicure shellac . my nails look beautiful . bobos is now my go to salon ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i booked an appointment for my bf mother which was available the day off . her nails looked great and hopefully they do n't chip before her vacation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy crap ! ok i 'm a mother of two and my kids destroyed my car it had apple juice , root beer , ice cream , coffiee , pot roast , pee ! and to top it off my daughter turned into the exorcist and vomited all over the back and the front ! so i cryed a few days than i found jay 's . so he got all the stains out he did the tiers and some how all my sun warp black trim on the outside looks new ! ! ! ! ! nicest guy i have met words ca n't explain how happy i am and his prices are amazing oh did i mention he came to me ? yep yep ! thank you soooooo much ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called jay on the phone today and he sounds like a really great guy and i would have probably loved his services . but after saying he would be here in 2 hours he never showed up ! i got stood up ! wow , as i am writing this review jay called me and apologized , we had a miscommunication on the address , however it is 5 hours later and since i needed it done right away i went with carpet monkeys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm giving the 2 stars for the fact that jay did show up within an hour of my calling him and my service trucks do look a lot better than they did dirty , but it took a total of 2 hours to clean detail 2 service vans ( exterior only ) and he wanted to charge me a total of $ 400 ! ! ! $ 200 per hour seems a little excessive to me , i told him i felt that was way too much , he said ok how about $ 175 , i agreed simply because i was n't in the mood to fight over the price , i will make sure in the future i ask about pricing up front so i 'm not shocked when i get a bill like this .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "jay 's ( or i should say his tech , mario ) did an amazing job , but in the process of detailing my car the windshield cracked and jay 's attitude was `` call your insurance '' and did not take any responsibility . very disappointed in this , and i am looking into charges to cover the damage . i would avoid jay .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a lyft driver , at 6:53pm this lady vomited in the back of my van . i had to drive 20 minutes to get to him , but he was done by 8:20pm maybe sooner . if i could give him more stars i would .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks for the miracle buffering on my rental . he did a great job and even on a sunday morning . highly recommend for good service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you jay for coming to work on a sunday . you did a great job and toook your time to do it right . i recommend jays carpet cleaning service to anyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jay once again thank you for responding on this past sunday . you continue to prove why i chose you for my carpet cleaning requirements . you adjusted your company 's schedule and made it happen within 3 hours . how about that for unscheduled response time and brandon did a superb job . until next time -- many thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while visiting my brother in las vegas , i called jay 's carpet cleaners to clean my brother 's apartment . ( my brother has a dog who had a lot of accidents from being scared on the 4th of july ) . anyway , jay was able to help me out and had someone at my brother 's apartment 4hours later . i was shocked at how quick he could come . they did a great job . i was very pleased and happy with the service . i would definitely use them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "coming back from burning man , we had a 30 ' rented rv in need of some serious tlc . jay 's was a god send . they dispatched a van and cleaner to meet us and in three hours knocked out the entire thing , inside and out . ask for james , he worked his butt off and made that camper shine . it was so polished , i received a refund for a day 's rental that paid for the cleaning ! great service ! treat them well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met with the owner brad on a jobsite . was absolutely the most disrespectful business owner i have ever met . spoke down to other business owners trying to make himself look better . have not done business with them i 'm sure they have a decent product but the customer service was below average on a good day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this business is remarkable . screens are amazing and look far better that i thought they would . they blend to your home incredibly . the salesman alex was great , i highly recommend him . he came out , measured , gave us an estimate and had no issue with my wife and i taking time to think about it . no pressure at all . consultation is free . screens are all custom made to your home . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place a higher review because the lady who took our delivery order was so pleasant as was the gentleman who delivered it , and they even gave us a calendar . but i 'm afraid the food does n't merit it . eggrolls well weirdly shaped , soggy , and had little filling in them ; hot and sour soup had little of either hot or sour but did have lots of sugar that did not belong in it ; and cashew chicken needed more chicken plus the huge chunks of celery did not help . fried rice was decent but that was about it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the lady at the counter could n't save the quality of food that was sent from their kitchen . a friend decided to give this place a try . for one , the oil did n't seem clean , and two it fit too much into the stereo typical asian greasiness that we lost our appetite . i 'm sorry , lady at the counter . you 're friendly , but the food ... not so much .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good customer service but the food was mediocre and the portions were terrible", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i walk in here with my sister , and since we 've never been here before , i ask the girl working at the counter for some sample cups . here 's how that convo goes : me : hi , can we have some sample cups please ? ( i ask because i do n't see any in plain sight ) worker : sighs they are over there . hastily points to a random corner of the counter so i look over there , and i do n't see any , and i even walk over to make sure . i look at her with a confused look , and then she just stares at me and then walks away . rude . i do n't know why we even stayed to get some yogurt after dealing with little ms. 'tude , but we do . so we get yogurt , and it 's not even that good . i 've definitely had better - in terms of the fro-yo and service . bottom line , if you 're looking for rude and lazy customer service and so-so yogurt , well then you should come here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've tried froyo at many different places and perhaps i 'm a bit spoiled by that . what makes for good yogurt in my mind has to do with a few things : flavor , consistency , and level of sweetness . this place is not up to par on two of the three factors . the yogurt that came out of the dispenser was half melted . it did n't hold its shape and just seemed to spread itself across the bottom of the cup . this happened across three different dispensers so i was sure it was n't an isolated machine . when it came to sweetness , they went overboard . the yogurt was so sweet it made me cough after swallowing a free spoonfuls . maybe locals prefer that , but i think it takes away from the flavor . as for flavor , there was a good variety . in fact , i was impressed by the choices . in summary , it 'll do in a pinch , but i 'd rather spend the calorie budget on something else if given a choice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like yogurt ! yoforia is cool . it 's in the epicenter . the best thing about it is the location . you can grab yogurt and sit inside or outside and people watch . it seems to be in the center of everything . the yogurt is also good . i had chocolate with more chocolate . you can never go wrong with that ! typical yogurt procedure . place yogurt on the scale and get charged more than you expected . the staff was nice . good seating . the place was clean , which was impressive for the amount of traffic they receive . i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came from out of town , had dinner and stopped here to enjoy some frozen yogurt however there were only about 4 ice cream flavors available of about 10 . there were 4 different customers that walked in and the employee just sat at the register on her phone . did n't even look up , everyone walked out with the lack of customer service and ice cream .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "discovered this place yesterday by accident while exploring uptown . just like another local fro-yo joint yopop ( mainly found in the triangle area ) , this place has some very average tasting yogurt . nothing memorable at all . extra stars for being self serve . cashier was very pleasant though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the strawberry fro-yo was the best i 've ever had in a long time ! i also loved the location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a stroll through downtown charlotte , the 6 of us stopped at yoforia for yogurt . it was cool and refreshing after a walk in the humidity . i had the pomegranate and pink guava . both were good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably hands down one of the worst fro-yos i have ever had . the consistency is off- more icy and watery than creamy for most favors except the chocolate . the chocolate is slightly creamier . when you put it in your cup , it does not hold its form and just melts to the bottom . half of the machines were out of order when we went today . the service is also lacking . we asked for sample cups and were rudely handed 4 for 3 of us , which would be ok if we only had only wanted to sample one flavor but usually when i sample something , it is to decide between flavors . what a shame since it has such a prime location and a well-stocked toppings bar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to an ungodly amount of fro-yo shops , and i can confidently say yoforia is very far from anything remotely euphoric -- in fact i 'd go so far as to call it `` mediyogurt '' , at best . the issue lies not in the quality of the product nor cleanliness of the store , but rather the lack of imaginative flavors and toppings . they offer the basic options , tart , vanilla , chocolate , strawberry and the most exotic of all the flavors being `` maple-caramel '' ( which was delicious ) . do n't get me wrong , there 's nothing wrong with a classic vanilla yogurt , however , because yoforia is in such a central location in uptown , i was expecting much much more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . no frills , nice and efficient which is what i like in a yofo place . the best part of yoforia though is the dark chocolate flavor with stevia . super low calories and really tasty , and i love the consistency of it here , it 's a little granular which is what i like . we walk up here a lot , so expect more check-ins ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "perhaps i tried the wrong flavors , but the frozen yogurt was n't creamy at all . it had a watery consistency and taste . i think that about sums up my experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went in one night after dinner . half the flavors were missing because the `` chocolate machine was broken '' . the clerks were not helpful . no greeting , no samples , no help . we were basically on our own . lack of cleanliness is a major issue here , too . we will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the self service is good , though no recommended combinations ( say how about a oreo sundae with peanuts and choc syrup ) . the place is clean and upbeat , though the condiments did not have labels which made me have to try some to figure out what they were . i got a nice deal for the amount of yogurt though the yogurt was bland and needed some richer flavor for being organic . no notation of stevia ( i do not enjoy stevia and only figured out that some had it based on the yelp reviews i read while eating there ) . i probably would go back if the yogurt got better and they put labels on the condiments .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to a handful of froyo frozen yogurt establishments and this one is by far the worst . the flavors are beyond bland and the worst is that they charge 25 cents for sample cups ... big red flag ? yes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is huge ! i went in to scope out some used furniture and was amazed at how much is stuffed in that warehouse . most of it , as expected , is antiquey and grandmotherish . however , there was some cool stuff too . lots of coffee tables and wood dressers that are sturdier than you could buy brand new at discount stores and still at a reasonable price . there are also a lot of chachkis . even if old stuff is n't your style it is still fun to look around and discover . i did n't look through , but they had a records section in the middle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chock full of everything from the banal to the wild to the double take-inducing . you can get furniture , clothes , glassware , militaria , books , records , and items which defy category and reason . you can even get lost ; seriously it is a real hazard . i love to look around but the prices can be a bit much compared to more rural settings , so just make sure to do your research before falling in love with that certain something .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sleepy poet antique mall is a fun place to visit . be prepared for an all day event . good thing there are lots of furniture and a place to kick off your heels cool your jets and get some free popcorn , watch tv while you rest up . it 's like walking through at warped speed through a different time zone . from the 80 's to the 70 's and consignment shop . definitely , look around for those bargains . there are booths with 20 % -70 % off . it 's a shoppers haven for finding stuff . happy shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to spend an afternoon wandering around . there are tons of great finds and the vintage clothing selection is one of the best in town . grab some free popcorn and a friend and enjoy walking around and discovering all kinds of unique treasures .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "listen , i know next to nothing about antiques , but i sure love to spend a couple hours rooting through cool old stuff that did n't come out of my grandparents ' closet . the sleepy poet , then , might be one of the coolest places in charlotte . it 's so huge that i get lost wandering the aisles , and the best part is that it does n't matter ... i know that every corner turned will bring me to another cubby of interesting stuff ( a whole wall of antique telephones ? yes , please . ) and that even if i 've thought i 've seen everything , i 'll still come upon a table of sparkly costume jewelry that will hold me up before i leave , or a shelf of cowboy boots that just speak to me . it 's such a diverting , wonderful warehouse , with super-friendly staff , and the different sections are well-designed so that you can see everything for sale without really having to dig . a+ , sleepy poet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have no clue how anyone could give this place 1 star . there 's nothing like it in charlotte . all kinds of crap you do n't need , everywhere ! this is my go to spot to buy gifts for my more eclectic friends . its just rows and rows of small little cubby holes full of stuff . some totally look like they were just taken right out of someone 's tacky grandma 's house . others may have items from all around the world . you just have to look . this most recent visit was for christmas presents . i def found what i was looking for , even though i did n't know what i was look for , lol . that said , the music was weird and awful . christmas music , but at high speeds . i guess it kept me moving though . i 'll be back , again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! ! ! i first found it when i was on vacation and now that i live here i 've gone a couple times . i never leave empty handed and the consignment shop that 's attached is pretty awesome too . i just recently went looking for a mother 's day present and found a gorgeous , hand-made , leather-bound journal . i also picked up a vintage flask and vintage girl scouts coffee mug ! you could go here several times and still find new corners . great place to get lost in . the furniture is a bit pricey , but most of it is just gorgeous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in and was shocked at how huge this place is and all the nooks and crannies to sift through . tons of retro items to bring you back to your childhood . lots of wood tables , chairs , deer heads , china sets , chandeliers and vintage clothing . great place to drop by when you have hours to waste . has a popcorn machine in the back corner and restrooms !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this place . there is a lot to look through , and there are a lot of cool vendors . like any antique store , there are some great prices and some inflated prices . there are lots of treasures to be found , so be sure to give yourself adequate time to find them !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is huge ! the wife and i stopped in this past week . wow ! you could literally spend hours in here ( me , i do n't have the patience ) . plenty of antiques but also lots of western wears and other stuff . it 's set up kind of like black lion , with lots of little cubicles from different sellers . just row after row . i kept getting turned around . of course my wife knew exactly where we were ! they have a self serve popcorn machine at the front . really good popcorn ! this is the type of place you can keep coming back and keep finding new ( old ) things .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to shop with your four legged fur baby ! had so much fun shopping with my 10 month old coonhound pup . the staff was so friendly , greeted us at the door and made us feel welcome . they even told us if the pup had an accident to just let a staff member know and they would take care of it ( thankfully no accidents but still a very nice gesture ) . they even came and told me when they were about to move a large cart just in case my pup got scared easily . one thing i would say if shopping with a big pup some of the merchandise is low enough to be knocked over by a wagging tail , this did n't happen but was a concern of mine , so watch the big pups closely . for the pet parents , this store is huge and so many neat and unique things so be sure to wear comfortable shoes and plan to spend quite some time walking through the store . overall , a very fun place to shop with your dog !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally found this place . i 've seen multiple postings on instagram and the like but never remembered to try and find it . i literally stumbled upon it and was very happy i did . it 's a mall for sure as it 's size is really pretty astounding . the layout has booths of different antique vendors just completely full of intricate vintage items from the very small to the insanely large . i know that this will be my new stop for all things interior decorating related . you can literally spend hours here just browsing the hundreds of items . also , the layout is great for walking and flow of traffic . i 'm a stickler for this sort of thing . i need for layouts to be efficient . this one is .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great stop before the airport . good variety of items and laid out well . walked out with a nice byrds album that would have been way more expensive in chicago . little food truck was out front , which is nice . all around thumbs up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get into & walk around for a few hours . nice place . i 've purchased quite a few things from here , & the staff have always treated me well . go about once every 3 - 6 months for inventory rotation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a wonderful experience at sleepy poet . i would drive a couple hours to find antique malls , only to be disappointed with the lack of antiques . sleepy poet has so many wonderful pieces and greg was very helpful there today ! definitely coming back.. probably every weekend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sleepy poet is a ginormous antique mall in the bowels of charlotte . set in a rather inconspicuous looking building , it 's very large on the inside and has a lot of different vendors . i only gave it three stars because i found the selection lacking on the day i stopped there . there was plenty of `` volume '' of merchandise , but a lot of it seemed to be in that grey area between `` old junk '' and `` antique '' . there were some nice pieces , to be sure , but i found that i had to wade through a lot of junk to find it . i may revise my rating if i see more when i go back next time ( and i will definitely stop there again ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is lovely . plenty of parking , not too far outside of uptown , complimentary popcorn , super friendly employees . you can wander for hours , finding hidden gems . you never know what you 're going to stumble across . sure , you have the odd person trying to charge $ 110 for a tiny pyrex bowl , but there are deals to be found , too . i probably wander for 2 hours each time i go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "y cm md huge place . service is ok although there are a lot of staff following u around and then whenever u have something in your hand they immediately want to put it upfront . lots of booths and lots of stuff . really something for everyone all antique styles and almost all price points but mostly high priced . would recommend and will definitely go back especially the food trucks outside on the weekends . yeah !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't know why i never heard of this place before - but i am so glad for the discovery . it does n't matter what your looking for the sleepy poet has a little bit of everything ... vintage clothes , accessories , lots and lots of cool furniture to choose from - pictures - homes decor ... .there is no sense in going on and on - you will just have to check it out for yourself . plan a couple of hours you 'll need it to get through this huge place full of awesome stuff . the prices are also very reasonable ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made an offer on an item so they contacted the seller . they said they would get back with me and let me know if they accepted the offer . i never heard back from them and it has been over two weeks . they have had plenty of time . why take my contact info if you are not going to follow up . poor customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to shop in charlotte . huge warehouse with several dozen booths . alot of variety . the prices are high but i have found some great deals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must be getting old , but i have spent many a weekend out hunting antiques all over nc in my 29yrs here . i stopped in at the sleepy poet as i had a free sat and heard it was a big place . i must say they do have lots of things there ... millions maybe . i took my time and after 2hrs just left , without buying anything . i could count on one hand 3 items i might have purchased , but i truly foun there to be tons of vintage junk and if you know vintage , well it degrades and falls apart over time , even nice quality leather ! it 's fairly well set up by 'booth ' sections but i saw only one booth 's vendor there and she did n't even acknowledge my stopping there to browse her trinkets . the people who run the place are extremely personable and helpful . my best thought buy was a cheese sandwich at the papi queso food truck in their parking lot as i left .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hands down one of my favorite places in charlotte . i can spend an afternoon here just browsing the aisles . anytime i 've gone in looking for a particular item , i 've always found it or even something better . if you love anything old , antiques , vintage goods , even vintage clothes and records , this is the place ! the staff is always helpful , there 's always a selection , and you will for sure find something . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they most definitely have a wide variety of things . i have been several times and noticed a lot of the same things that sit for quite awhile . not bad things just feel they are over priced . can get crazy busy on the weekends so if you can go during the week .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh to think i had been riding by this awesome find . it is a time warp of all things antique unique and classic . no flea market trash here . spent hours here gazing and amazed at the treasures . great place to find everything ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the benefits of living in nc is the number of true original antiques and the quality . a lot of old people here and unfortunately kicking off or their homes being swallowed up by developers and scavenged by families that wanted cash and soldoff their history . again , i did say benefits . some really wonderful things are to be had if you do not mind being a true explorer of this wonderful store . life goes on even the owners may not be with us . by into your history and the one picture i did not get was the albums area , what a gold mine of records . i posted a few items that i thought were interesting and i just love fish eye mirrors and some great ones to be had . so take time out of your dull day and travel back in time and i recommend your start here before you tune into the other stores of the area . smile at the things that brought joy to people of the past as they also purchased these items .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will preface my comments by saying i am somewhat of a snob when it comes to goods . so when i first laid eyes on this place i did not expect to like it . however , this place has become an addiction for me . i love european antiques and have found some unbelievable treasures here . it is a hunt though . you have to have the time and patience to go through this warehouse of goodies . but it 's always worth it to me in the end . my husband will tell you i spend a lot of money here , but he has yet to complain about any of my purchases . that says it all !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in on a sunday to look for a few shabby chic type items for my upcoming wedding . first off , this place is huge ! i was so overwhelmed ( in a good way ) . i found some great items for good prices . there was a food truck outside which was awesome - wish i had n't eaten at home that day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sleepy pote antique mall is a great place to go if you want to find something for your collection and it is my favorite place in all of charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "huge . i spent a day here with my friend looking at everything ! seriously , you never know what you 'll find here . so many unique antiques and very friendly employees . i bought some vintage patterns and look forward to sewing a few . my friend got some jewelry . i love the retro clothing section . i also really wanted the plaque of an insane asylum entrance . the only downside is that it is a bit dusty and made me cough once i was there for a while .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! lots of neat stuff . i enjoy spending a rainy cold saturday walking around and getting decorating ideas . i like the antique items and they also have a few more modern ones too . i have n't purchased anything in here yet but i have gone back a few times , and i will go again . check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is an excellent shopping alternative to the malls in charlotte . it 's not , however , a place to go to `` picking '' the prices are essentially the antique version of retail . but the selection is excellent , you can find a little bit of everything . do n't go if you are in a hurry , you will need at least two hours to look around and get a grasp of it all . if you are looking for something particular just ask anyone at the front desk , they are all very helpful and friendly . there is a consignment shop which focuses more on clothing attached to the sleepy poet which also has a lot of stuff to sort through . oh , and free popcorn !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place ! i go by here all the time even when i do n't need anything . fun , large store , with a constantly changing inventory !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a really neat place filled with a lot of great thrift items and art . the place is huge and filled with treasures . i would suggest that if you 're pondering whether to get something that you really like , to go ahead and get it . i saw this piece of furniture i really liked and it was priced really well . i mulled over it overnight and came back the next day to get it and it was gone . if you like an item and thought it was a good deal , i guarantee someone else will think so to and snatch it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh crop , how in the world do you feel good about attaching your good name to the food you serve at cropicana ? the food is terrible . dry , overcooked ribs . chicken fingers that tasted like freezer burn . why ca n't you set a higher standard for this food ? yes it is a casual waterside spot but that does n't mean the quality you are putting on the plate should be this bad . either up the food quality or shut it down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice as 'cropicana ' but only for sunset drinks . we ordered our drinks at the bar and sat at a picnic table . it 's always full , but i think a lot of it is the volleyball leagues down there . it sucks there 's not a lot of places to go watch the sunset and or drink by the lake . they can pretty much get away with doing nothing special and still be busy with their high prices . i was expecting more of a change in the setting when it went over to cropicana , but just more picnic tables and an outdoor bar grill area . the inside is completely the same . i suppose it is more convenient to grab your beers out at the large bar , but there 's nothing too intriguing about the whole place besides the view . but , i 'll probably be back . cie la vie .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i wish crop had n't taken over the management of this place that used to be fantastic . the sunset grille was by and far superior to cropicana . i did n't like it the first time ( the service was poor ) , but thought it might have been an aberration . i give it another chance and brought my parents , and the service was so poor i was embarrassed that i brought my parents . none of us understood why the service was so poor . there were so few people in the restaurant when we arrived yet the bartender order-taker still managed to be dismissive toward us . very disappointed . only go if management changes , hopefully back to the folks who ran it before .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just had a great experience here over the independence day holiday . people have been complaining about the $ 8 fish tacos that are n't any good . well , now they are $ 7 , and i thought they were pretty tasty . maybe i was just hungry . perhaps my expectations were lower since i did n't know it was run by the crop crew . i think it 's a big step up from the last group that managed the space . it was well staffed and friendly , and as everyone else has mentioned , the location can not be beat . so maybe cropicana is working out the wrinkles . it would be nice to see an improved beer selection , but picnic fare kind of go hand in hand with bud light and the like .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to grab a beer after a volleyball game or watch some live music . it stinks that everyone has discovered this little gem this summer - weekend volume has been crazy ! ! the food is better than your average bar food but it could use some additional options . but you really are n't here for the food , you are here to enjoy the few months of nice weather in cleveland ! ! overall , cleveland has done a poor , poor job on capitalizing it 's lakefront location and whiskey island is just about the only place near downtown that you can go and relax by the lake ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm giving cropicana 4 stars because i was drunk and only remember good things when i 'm drunk . there was a band that was playing music that was fun to dance to . and there were the best fried fish sliders i 've ever had . ( ok , i 've never had fried fish sliders , but they were really , really good . ) apart from that , i think it 's just a big dive bar on the water in kind of a random location to get to ( whiskey island ) . i was confused when i heard it was the same place as crop that was on west 6th , because the one time i ate there , i loved that place . but this is nothing like that crop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've ordered cakes here , and honestly , i 'm not sure the price is worth what you get . you get a standard cake , and it is moist -- but honestly , i could have spent half the price getting a cake from harris teeter . one thing that upset me ( and it is my fault as well ) is that i ordered a cake to be picked up on saturday , not knowing that the place closes at 2 . no one ever called me before the place closed to remind me to pick it up . obviously a birthday cake is for a special occasion , and it would make sense to remind someone about it before you close for the weekend ( oh , and on mondays too ) . that kind of sealed the deal for me . not going back there again . if you want a wedding cake or something really custom ordered , get it here , but if you just want a nice birthday cake , go somewhere cheaper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while i love the 'teet ( harris teeter ) for a quick run , i personally do n't care for additives , color and transfat in my child 's birthday cake . the cakes from ea are like your granny made - sweet , honest , made with real milk and eggs and a bring a tear to your eye crunchy golden brown crust . stop in for a cake slice on day when you are out of sorts , go home and make a cup of coffee and breathe a sign of contentment as you lick your fork !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have bought : 3 birthday cakes , 1 wedding cake and 1 grooms cake here . they were all excellent plus as a bonus you get to sample their different cakes and icing when you do your cake selecting . expect lots of compliments from your guests . their cakes look stupendous and taste the same .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been to the store yet , but i 've eaten their cake a few times and wow . really amazing almond-flavored pound cake and delicate and delicious butter-cream icing . really one of the best cakes i 've had in a long time . i ca n't stand costco harris teeter cakes , so it is great to find a place like this with really good quality ingredients . it 's too bad they do n't have a cafe area for coffee and cupcake cake slices because it would attract a lot of attention . while i have very few occasions to buy large cakes , i can always find an occasion for a cupcake ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful and delicious cakes . this is a perfect choice if you are shopping around for a birthday , wedding , or any special occasion cake . you do have to place an order in advance at their shop , but the good thing is you get to taste their cake samples . very sweet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friend purchased petit fours from ea for a baby shower we hosted ... almond pound cake with pink flowers . every guest loved them ... perfect size , moist , wonderful almond flavor , beautifully decorated , lots of flavor ... rave reviews from everyone . only complaint ... those that had two complained of serious sugar crash later in the afternoon ! will purchase from them again next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here on a beautiful april day with my friend who had her heart set on getting her wedding cake from edible art . we were completely disappointed . the woman who helped us sat us down at a table with some books and told us to look through them . the bride said she had no idea what she was looking for in a cake , and the woman was of no help at all . we looked through the book , and the bride did n't like any designs that she saw . the woman brought in three samples : almond , vanilla , and lemon cake . they had a great texture , probably one of the best textures and densities i 've had in a cake ... ever . they must have forgotten the flavor , however , because they just were n't good . we immediately left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place in town to order cakes for any occasion . this place specializes in occasion cakes of all sizes- it is n't a drop in and eat bakery . they make several different kinds of pound cake and a bunch of great frosting options ( but in a variety of shapes , etc ) . you almost always have to order ahead here , but the prices are very reasonable and the cake is out of this world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent job with my wedding cake . i can always count on them for a cake that looks and tastes great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purchased a specialty cake here for a bridal shower and it was amazing . the girl that took my order sat down with me and spent time looking over pictures of the flowers and bridesmaid dresses so that she could get the perfect colors for the cake . it was so pretty . and delicious ! the only reason i did not give the bakery five stars is because the lettering on the cake was not centered , but i do n't think anyone really noticed . i will definitely come back if i need another specialty cake !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have purchased two cakes from here two years in a row for my son 's birthday because this was my favorite place to get cake from years ago . last year , the cake was dry . i called to comment on this , left a vm with edible art and never heard back . i decided to try one more time this year . and , again ... the cake was dry and just not as moist dense yummy as they used to be . i will not go back for a 3rd year in a row . i hate this because i love supporting local businesses when i return home to charlotte .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you have n't had pound cake until you 've had the almond or vanilla pound cake here . simply the best . flavorful , moist , sweet ... .perfection ! $ 4 per slice or $ 36 for a rather small cake puts this on the pricey side in my book . but , i promise it is worth it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting cakes from here for years but something changed lately . the last cake i ordered tasted so bad that i threw it away . it was a simple almond cake with buttercream icing . the icing was disgusting . this place is way too busy and quality is slipping .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "five stars all day everyday . i have n't gotten a specialty cake from here , i usually just go for the most amazing slices ever . seriously i can not get enough . i find myself thinking about those slices of cake at least 3 times a week . not only are the pieces huge and delicious but the people that work there are so incredibly nice . i 'm always hesitant to go into boutique type shops because sometimes the workers are so rude and ca n't get off their high horse long enough to act like a decent human being . but not this place , i always leave thinking how that would be such a fun place to work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never had a problem here when i was getting just regular polish acrylics done . but i went in yesterday to get my gel filled ( got them done at another place ) and i paid $ 33 ( even though their price board said $ 25 ) and the edges are already peeling . i am so so sad . gel is suppose to not chip and last a long time but this did n't even last one day . not too happy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite place to get my nails done . any technician gives a great mani pedi . amazing quality and price", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rude and unprofessional . did n't even know to let nails soak in acetone to get shellac off . used some kind of filer for acrylics . they do n't care about healthy nail care . the place is grimey too . i also tried to come into get shellac soaked off ( that they put on ) but they would n't see me because i did n't have an appointment . the broad did n't even ask me what i wanted or even asked if i wanted to schedule an appt . just yelled across the room that they could n't take me because i did n't have an appointment . rude broads . will . never return . even my daughter said they did n't want our money ? ? never go back there ! i concur !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best service around for your las vegas entertainment needs . greg is the man .you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm already thinking of what i can celebrate next , just to have an opportunity to use vegas all nite again . greg was so attentive , i thought i was beyonc\u00e9 . by the end of the night our whole party thought they were celebrities . vegas all nite facilitated one of the greatest family memories that we will always cherish . no request was to big or to small . it was a 40th to remember . hands down the best , no need to compare .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great time . thank you greg for being a great tour guide , you are the best . i 'm happy you recommended the mercedes benz sprinter , being young seniors , everyone enjoyed the comfort and accessibility of the car , we really enjoyed and had a great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greg was wonderful to work with and made planning this part of my sisters wedding easy peasy ! great service , communication , and pricing . our driver , jeff was professional and fun . would highly recommend . thanks for the great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greg was great and took care of all of my needs . he was prompt to answer my e mails and made sure everything was taken care of when i went to vegas . he got me a great rate on my hotel stay at the bellagio . will be using these services again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just the best . once again , greg got us great deals and made the trip relaxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just the best ! quality and quantity , the greatest way to see , experience , and enjoy vegas ! thank you for such extraordinary service and exemplary care ! xoxo , until next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used vegas all nite for my best friends bachelorette party . they were amazing . this is a great compliment because all of the guest were from las vegas . we rented the the beast hummer and there were about 15 of us . we partied , laughed , danced and had the best time . everyone was professional , on time and had great communication . i would highly recommend them for a night out on the town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in contact with greg to plan my birthday in vegas for a group of around 35 people . his communication was perfect and everyone had a blast thanks to super diligent planning and timing on his side . will be coming back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service ! ! after telling them what i was looking for and price range they were able to get back to me within 24 hours with the best deals ! my trip is booked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to see dr. resto in 2009 for a tummy tuck after 3 other consultations here in las vegas . he offered competitive pricing and a realistic attitude which appealed to me . after only two days on pain meds , i had a short and pain free recovery with no complications . i would return to dr resto for any other surgery and would recommend him 100 % to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "work was sloppy . he seemed very rushed . i looked horrible . i had to go to another surgeon to fix his work because he did such a terrible job . my new surgeon pointed out dr. resto 's mistakes , very sloppy . ended up spending twice the amount i paid dr. resto to get it fixed . later , my friend went to him to remove a mole a quarter of an inch long . her scar ended up being 3 inches long . she regrets going to him and wishes she just kept the mole because it looked way better than the huge scar dr. resto gave her .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to dr. resto a long time ago and had an incredible experience . 15 years later and i still get complements on his work . once my twins have weaned from nursing and my body settles back in to normalcy i will have him put things back in place for me ; ) i 'm thankful he is still working . i would n't want to go to anyone else ! i do n't even live close any longer but i will make it a little vacation . i am always recommending dr. resto to my friends and family . he is worth the travel and every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gentleman is a prime example of how a small business should be operated . very professional and the price is fair . mr. husic is always punctual . i had a pool service before rx pool service and they got my pool to a horrible condition . when mr. husic came took a look , performed test on the water , he automatically knew what needed to be done to fix the problem . very knowledgable and extremely friendly . this will be my pool service for a long time to come . thank you so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husic came out and did an excellent job cleaning my above ground hot tub . he was on time , professional , courteous , knowledgeable and above all else , was willing to share his knowledge with me . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husic replaced my former incompetent pool maintenance company recently and what a difference ! he made several recommendations on how to make my pool run more efficiently and my water has never looked clearer ! the calcium that my former pool technician allowed to build-up could have been avoided , at least in part , had they been as knowledgeable and pro-active as husic ! ! husic 's prices are reasonable and you get your money 's worth with all the extra attention your pool will get ! we are very happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husic is awesome ! i asked him to come out and give me a quote for service . he came out for free , checked my programming , checked the water and all my equipment and made recommendations of what he would do . when i asked what he would charge , he told me that i was actually out of his area , he did n't realize that at first when i contacted him . but he honored his appointment and came anyway knowing i would n't be a weekly customer . he put in four pounds of chemicals because we were so out of wack . when i asked him what i could pay him for the visit he said it was on him and gave me names of another good pool guy in my area and repairman . thanks husic ! i would recommend him to anyone ! let me know when you expand here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would recommend rx pool services without reservations . husic , the person that came over , was punctual , knowledgeable , and efficient . he came over the day i called , explained to me what needed to be done clearly , and even told me the things i could take care of myself . without a doubt , rx pool service is the way to go . thanks husic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have lived in las vegas for 5 years first time pool owner i have had 5 pool maintenance people and i 'm not picky . husic is by far the best . he is a owner operator and treats my pool like it was is own . he always has time to talk to me about my concerns . in the 5 years i 've owned and lived with my pool it has never looked better . husic is the best always a call back and totally punctual if he ca n't make it because of unforeseen weather he always lets you know . rx pool service is the by far the best pool service i have ever experienced , you ca n't go wrong with this amazing company ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husic is very knowledgeable . great service and prices . very helpful in how i can keep my pool better maintained in between his stops .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working with husic since he was at leslie pool supply for several years now . i was ecstatic to hear that he was opening up his own pool service company because i knew his grand service would carryover . we have recommended all of our neighbors and friends with pools and they are just as pleased as we are . rx pool will always have us as a customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy jabezus mother of murphy this place is good . a coworker regularly brings in a box-o-treats and i 'm a sucker for pastries . but these box-o-crazy-goodness is some of the best i 've ever had . the custard is as good as general custer 's last stand , and the flaky is flakier than any of the kardashians . i mean , when they name an entire pastry after these people , you know its got to be done right ? am i right ? i 'm now torn between danish , portuguese and italian pastries , but that 's a good thing . i find danish stuff a little less sweet but still all the same richness , and is slowly winning me over the little portuguese tarts . do yourself a favour , make the trek here ! if you live remotely close in this hood and do n't know about it ... shame on you ! ! i 'm only surprised how few people have reviewed this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bakery is family owned , and the baker is the sweetest man you will ever meet . they make some great authentic danish pastry which is buttery ... like melt in your mouth buttery ... and baked with almond paste and custard . their old fashioned butter tarts are by far the gooiest i have ever tried , and as far as i 'm concerned the gooier the better . and their chocolate cupcakes are orgasmic . they only make chocolate cupcakes and they are comprised of a chocolate cake base , dipped in chocolate with chocolate fudge icing ... enough said . the bakery , although small , is packed full and their christmas window display is absolutely adorable ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is in my hood and is my favourite place to walk to on a saturday morning for something sweet to bring home for breakfast . true to the shop 's name the danishes are amazing ; simply the best i have ever had . they will make you weak in the knees ! the pecan tarts were also incredibly awesome . i really think you ca n't go wrong with anything here . the place is spotless and the cake displays are beautiful , reminded me of the nicer bakeries in bloor west . i only wish it was a little further away so that i could burn more calories on the walk over ! they do n't open until 9am ( at least on weekdays ) so if you are planning on bringing in treats for the office you will have to show up for work a little late , but once your boss sees them i am sure all will be forgiven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my new fav `` go-to '' bakery . there is always a line up out the door . why ? ? ? you get their pastries and you 'll know . the vanilla cream puffs , the choc cream puffs ( they have custard in too ) , the butter tarts , strudel , maid of honor tarts , fern tarts , i could go on and on . if you like english or danish pastries - this is the place for you . they even make eccles cakes ! for the young folk , there is a huge selection of cookies , and cupcakes . also , they sell homemade quiche and other danish meats and cheeses . one of the best selections of greaves jams outside of niagara . if you are in greektown - and want something other than greek pastry - go to hansen 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after researching danish bakeries in toronto , this one had the best reviews so i tried it out . i was on my way to my danish friend 's birthday brunch and wanted to bring some authentic and tasty treats . i explained this to the woman working the counter . she was extremely helpful . she described several options and even stopped my from over buying -- which really impressed me . in the end i bought 6 danish ( custard and raspberry ) , and a chocolate ring . my friend was thrilled . everybody loved the pastries and i am really impressed with the customer service and honesty of the staff . i spent $ 17 and change . i thought i was going to be in for $ 40+ i took the ttc there . i recommend taking the pape bus northbound as i walked and it was about 15 minutes away from pape station .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has got to be the oldest bakery in toronto . this simplicity of this place has n't changed since it opened . it reminds of the kind of place you would see in a classic movie . all the fresh pastries are laid out in the front window just waiting for you . i have tried several desserts here and cant go wrong for the price . if i could change one thing it would be change to a real fruit filling on some of the pies , knowing that i would be willing to pay more than the current $ 7 price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stumbled across this family bakery after moving into the neighbourhood and it has been a good find . all of the goodies in the front window lured me in . there are a ton of great options here . my particular favourites are the butter tarts , turnovers , sausage rolls and cinnamon raisin danishes . the cookies i have tried have been dry and dull , so i have stayed away from them . my other complaint is the same complaint i have about most bakeries - uncovered food out in the open , exposed to bugs and whatever else is in the air ( everything in the front window , basically ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "get the chocolate eclair ! it 's so good ! i 'm not sure if it 's because i 've never had a real chocolate eclair or if all the ones i had in the past was garbage , but the ones here are delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would say a 4.5 rating : i just recently moved to the area and a lovely neighbour brought me pastries from here . there is a little bit of confusion because they are also known as hansen 's . anyway , i went to explore them myself and had a butter tart ; it was fantastic , perfect gooey consistency . the staff were n't the friendliest but i 'm giving them the benefit of the doubt ; maybe they were having an off day . fyi : if you 're planning on going during the month of july , i highly recommend calling ahead as they close for 3 weeks for vacation ; how very european .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our favourite bakery in our neighborhood . so much sweet tasty-goodness . this is n't a cob's-type bakery with breads , buns , rolls , etc . oh , no just the good stuff . cookies , cupcakes , brownies , pies and other sweets . excellent , excellent cookies . i suggest the empire cookies and the shortbread with icing on top and icing in-between .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vibe this bakery reminds me of europe . and as cliche as it sounds , it really is one of the city 's hidden gems . eat chelsea buns were a staple growing up . also , they have great sausage rolls here . but really anything you buy is fantastic here and the staff are very friendly and helpful . obligatory catchy remark if the danes seem stand-offish this shop will prove otherwise . truly , a delight in pape village !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great little bakery . seek out the amazing and somewhat ironically named danish pastry wienerbr\u00f8d ( `` vienna bread '' , which is about as accurate as calling the crappy round pastries with jelly in the middle found in north america a `` danish '' ) . they have all kinds of great stuff like pies but wienerbr\u00f8d is the epitome of danish pastry and these folks do a great job of it . do n't mess with it with any fruit or anything , just get the plain with almond slices and almond paste inside - delightful ! this is the be all and end all of danish pastry . thank you danish pastry shop for your amazing wares , nice service and really very reasonable , if not low prices . tak skal du ha ! matthew", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the yummy danishes with the marzipan flavoured icing , to the really great squares ( like brownies , caramel coconut , date , lemon , etc ) to the cute mini tarts ( raspberry and mince meat are my faves ) and the fluffy pillows of goodness that are the baby dinner rolls , and the whipped cream buns ... oh ... the list goes on and on . they did a great platter of cut up squares that i took to my in laws 50th anniversary and they were a hit . old fashioned bakeries like this are so rare these days , and this place being closed for 3 weeks for their annual summer holiday made me realize i how much i miss it when i ca n't go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was an exchange student in karise , denmark many moons ago and still dream of that bakery . the stuff here is n't exactly the same , but its good . i 've tried a variety of different things over plenty of visits . staff is always great . the only thing is that the prices are never displayed . i 'm always just picking stuff and just getting the grand total after . it does get busy in this tiny joint , so you do n't always get to ask about the individual prices and for the whole ingredients list , but they will find your answer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite bakeries . i am not in the neighbourhood , but i take a subway to go there just to get pastries . their price is very good and their croissants are excellent . their cookies are good , too . they have meat pies and they are just fine . i like one day old pastries there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing tarts and seriously amazing cake . i 've never been to the store it 's leg but i was lucky enough to sample it 's delicious baked goods on two occasions recently ! the chocolate cake is ridiculously good . as far as best chocolate cake ever goes , it 's pretty high on my list . now let 's get to the other star of the show -- the butter tarts . perfectly flakey and gooey . it 's definitely a win ! i 'll be back at this place out for some delish baked goods !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had n't heard about this place until i did a web search for in-store made pies in the east end and came upon this little joint . boy , am i glad i did ! contacted the shop 's facebook page for more information regarding flavours and such and was met with plenty of information . the following day , i picked up a scrumptious apple-cinnamon pie . it was delicious ! large enough to serve 2-3 people . certainly beats pies sold at the grocers with all their additives that no one can pronounce . this will be my go-to place for pastries . the display is loaded with variety , which i will sample on my next visit . definitely worth checking out . you wo n't be disappointed . staff are also very sweet and accommodating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in to this bakery today after reading the reviews and looking for some treats for an easter party . they were fully stocked with tarts , cookies , pies and other yummy treats . very friendly staff and affordable ... we got a mix of 14 items and it cost 21 $ tried a couple already and the tarts were very yummy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't usually go to subway . it 's actually been years but my coworker wanted to come here one day for lunch . we did n't wait long at all and was greeted quickly . service was top notch . i can tell one of the workers was still in training and she did a great job just like everyone else . the manager there was very informative and you can tell he took a lot of pride in his job . he really showed how much he cared . i got the buffalo chicken sub and it was delicious ! i will be back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am here couple of times for lunch because it 's close to my office , service is too slow , the way they make subs , it 's not that great i ordered veggie salad , they dumped lot of sweet onion sauce in it , not only with my salad it 's same with my colleagues . if you are too hungry and feel like eating subway better please choose other place that 's my suggestion .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's subway so there are n't a lot of gold stars to be handed out for microwaving pre-cooked meat that 's been sitting around all day . subway is usually consistent , but this one does n't have the currently advertised oven crisp chicken nor do they have the veggie burger type patties . they seem to be a little skimpy with the food too . i only stop here because it 's on the way home . much prefer jersey mike 's though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what you 'd expect from this type of gym : it 's a meat market for singles , it 's a factory for people to come & go with little to no instruction doing harm to their bodies , and not really doing much positive for their fitness . this place , in my opinion , is really only suitable for people who actually know what they 're doing , and have some anatomy knowledge under their belts . i ca n't count how many times i saw people doing exercises with poor form , which is not that surprising . what is surprising , however , is how staff with `` trainer '' printed on their t-shirts would repeatedly walk by without correction or comment . of course they want you to pay for their personal training , but it 's absurdly expensive ( 1hr of personal training = more than 1 hour with a regulated health care professional , like a chiro , physio , or rmt ) . i would have given this place one star , except they have heavy bags , & i love heavy bags .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "goodlife has brought out extreme fitness and so my previous review is obsolete . this place is pretty decent again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place a higher rating but they still have some things to work out . so many things are right : outside appeal , rustic italian charm inside , separate bar and waiting area , close ties to the community but their version of italian is just not mine . the food is always just okay . it 's not bad but it 's not great . when you are paying for pasta and sauce it should be cooked right . after several meals here i have found some favorite pizzas and would definitely order them for take out next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really love the ambiance a d basic set up of this restaurant . unfortunately they really lack execution on their food . the menu has potential but is rather boring in itself and the flavors are even more boring . i wish they could turn this around as i would love a good italian place in mt horeb ! i hate paying decent money for something i feel i could make better myself . ho hum .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been going here for over 15 years . it has changes hands a while ago but i think for the better . the italian family who owned it won many awards for superior quality food and authenticity . with the new owners you still get most of that experience , but i think some minor errors still occur in perfect preparation of them qualities it had once had before . the restaurant recently spent `` what must be hundreds '' into a renovation . its a very nice place to eat at now . friday and saturday nights can be very busy . service can be slower during them times but i just enjoy my company and drinks . a place i do n't typically run from . not really overpriced . average is about 15 dollars for a meal , and that includes bread and side salad for many of its meals on the menu . i would also suggest the fresh pizzas on offer . all in all , i would suggest anytime to anyone", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! it is not like every other italian restaurant in that it is purely based around a sicilian family 's recipes , which is why some other reviewers probably do n't like it . this food is as homemade as you are going to get in mt . horeb and probably in most of the madison area . the cook makes almost everything from scratch and you can tell ! delicious food all around and for a good price too ! the decor is n't the greatest , but it definitely makes you feel like you are somewhere other than little mt . horeb , wisconsin which is an added bonus . whenever i come to wisconsin i make sure to eat at sole sapori , there is a reason it is one of the oldest businesses in mt . horeb : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent food , the kids love the spaghetti but that is because the sauce is so sweet ; perhaps too sweet for most adults . the pizza is excellent , stay away from the pasta dishes except for the kids .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "let 's start with the food they did n't have . they did n't have the appetizer we wanted . they did n't have one of the entrees and worst of all they ran out of iced tea . that has never happened to me before . the stuffed crust pizza was no where close to chicago . marinara sauce too watery and sweet . we ordered desert but it took so long we had to cancel it wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "mt horeb being the kind of town that it is , you might not expect to find a decent restaurant , but we 've gone here on two visits to the area ( a yearly tradition ) . both times we opted for entrees instead of pizzas . i 've had their manicotti and salmon picada ( i think ? ) with side of spaghetti and meat sauce and was impressed with both meals . i also stole some delicious bites of chicken parmigiana . we were also impressed with their rich desserts on our first visit . my girlfriend wanted to try something lighter on the second visit and ordered a lemon ice , which was served in a frozen lemon peel . extra points for cool presentation . the pizza always smells good , and the anise cheesy bread that comes with the entrees in very nice . it 's casual and family friendly , at least in the mid-to-late afternoons , when we 've been there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just visited again on a family members birthday choice ... tried to go in with an open mind . it 's february in wisconsin and the dining room was no more than 58 degrees . apparently the fireplace'a pilot light went out so we froze through our dinner . service was again horrible , the worst we 've had . i understand a group of 10 is a large table but on a saturday night there were only 5 other diners in the restaurant ( should be a hint ) and it was 20 minutes between the first entree being served and the last ! ! ! ! getting separate checks was a logistical nightmare to boot . food was again edible at best . skip this place and go to the bistro down the street ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here on a thursday morning and was quite surprised with the quality . i came here before and the dim sum here was just meh . nothing really stood out but taste was n't excellent or bad either . however this time around i thought the food was n't bad for the price . monday-sunday before 11:00 am , dim sum is $ 3.10 for s m l. food came out hot and fresh . tea price is $ 1.20 person . i really enjoyed the chive and shrimp pancake . it was fried so crispily . i came into the restuarant right when it opened , so they lacked staff . it was hard to wave down the staff , but when they were around , they were quite tendative . the place is quite clean and decoration is somewhat modern .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad , but i 've definitely had better . portions were not bad . highlight was their crown jewel bbq pork buns . the bun was pillowy and the sugar crust on the outside was a nice touch . however , it could have done with a lot more bbq pork on the inside . very little filling . the braised pork hock with peanuts is tasty as well , but pricey for the portion . they do have some kind of early bird special before 11 , but you probably want to get there quite a bit before 11 , because they do tend to have a line up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was amazing ! for a chinese restaurant , got to say we got so much tlc . food is decent , order food before 11am , the m and l dishes are the same price as a s dish . for those with msg problem , this place is packed with it , but presentation of the food was great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the fact that we did n't have to wait for a table on a late saturday morning . probably because other restaurants have deals for ordering before 11:00am . not here . so , price conscious chinese would come here out of necessity or convenience . we were the latter camp . the food was average and in my opinion slightly over priced . we entertained the set menu for dinner at just under $ 500 , but it lacked the wow factor for that price . we 'll return someday for dinner and order off menu and see how that fares .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on a monday afternoon at about 12:00 for dim sum ( family day holiday ) . there was a small line up , but it was only about a 5 minute wait . the service was really fast . right after ordering the food started arriving within a few minutes . all the food was pretty average though . nothing really worth mentioning but nothing to really complain about either . overall , its a decent place to grab some dim sum", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i often come to this place with my grandma . close to home and also they have early bird special . if you come before 11 , all small , medium , and large dim sum is the same price . the problem is actually getting a seat at 11 . so i suggest go 30 mins earlier . you 'll most likely get your order in before 11 . the dishes are all pretty good . not over priced okay for a normal weekend dim sum . get the special pineapple bun also .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "last time i come 3 dim sum has metal debris . today i come and there is a dead mouse beside my chair . this is a horrible restaurant . i will make complain to food safety canada for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mmmmm ... started our food trip with an early morning discounted dimsum here . that means making you you get a table and order before 11am . we do n't fill out a check list to order in nyc . love the checklist ordering that they have here . it guarantees that you can get what you want as long as it 's on the list . no need to rush the carts . from what my canadian aunt tells me , there is only one dimsum place in the area that does the carts while everyone else does the checklist . must gets : har gow , and the house special buns . the shrimp were fresh and large . the dumpling was the size of my one years old 's fist . we got 4 baskets of them . the buns were loved by the kids . was sad that i could n't get shrimp rice rolls until after 11am . but was too stuffed to order it when the time came along . definitely much different than nyc but they were much tastier ! i wish we had more time in toronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i came here for chinese new years dinner and lets just say their service at this restaurant does not even deserve 1 star . we had a reservation for two full tables at 6 pm . when we arrived there were maybe 4 or 5 tables so i thought service would be good . wrong . servers were rude and did not give you the experience one high end chinese restaurant should . portions of dishes have increasingly become smaller and smaller ( definitely not worth it for the price we pay ) . the worst of it all is that the manager was cleaning our dishes and he flicked soya sauce all over my shirt ! i was furious and no appology was provided . worst service ever . will definitely not return", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here tonight with a table full of doctors at a drug company sponsored dinner , on a quiet tuesday night so you 'd think the kitchen would put their best effort into it . unfortunately , the food is very lackluster . we had probably a 12 course meal , and while i was completely stuffed at the end and could only eat a bite or two of the later courses , there was not one single memorable dish i could recommend ( including all the various seafood dishes we had ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we came at 1:30pm on saturday and the tables were not filled . we had excellent service compared to many other chinese restaurants . the dim sum dishes were very good . above average . this was the first time we ate there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has a decent price for the dim sum in toronto , but compared to chicago ( where i 'm from ) the dim sum is a bit cheaper . the dim sum specifically the sui mei which contained black caviar on top was the best i ever tasted in sui mei dim sum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not come here ! ! ! ! ! my family was driving around north york looking for a place or a quick dinner , and figured we should try this restaurant . right of the bat , they completely dis regarded us and took the names of the people behind us just because they spoke chinese . afterwards , we ordered peking duck and some other dishes , which took 30 minutes to get to us . we were actually about to leave when we saw a whole duck be wheeled to our table . there is no way it shouldve taken 30 min to get a duck off the rack with pancakes . when i wanted to express my concern for our long wait , the manager didnt acknowledge me or apologize for the delay . none of our other orders also didnt arrive , which makes me wonder . one of the worst dining experiences ever , and try and avoid at all costs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "\u4f4d\u4e8ewarden\u548csteels\u4ee5\u5357\u7684plaza\u5185\uff0c\u9760\u8fd1\u9a6c\u8def\u8fb9\u3002\u90fd\u6539\u540d\u51e0\u6b21\u4e86\uff0c\u4e00\u76f4\u90fd\u7cfb\u505a\u4e2d\u9910\u5385\u3002\u996e\u8336\u5c31\u672a\u8bd5\u8fc7\uff0c\u5403\u996d\u5c31\u5462\u6b21\u8bd5\u5de6\u3002\u521a\u597d\u6709\u9152\u5e2d\uff0c\u6240\u4ee5\u4e0a\u83dc\u7a0d\u5fae\u8010\u5de6d\u3002\u4efd\u91cf\u5514\u7ec6\uff0c\u8611\u83c7\u725b\u67f3\u7247\u548c\u9ec4\u65d7\u6591\u9c7c\u67f3\u4f34\u83dc\u5fc3\u5514\u9519\u3002\u5168\u90e8\u83dc\u5f0f\u7a0d\u5fae\u6cb9\u591a\u5de6d\u3002\u603b\u4f53\u6765\u8bf4\u8fd8\u7b97\u53ef\u4ee5\u5566", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good selection of classic dim sum dishes . they provide a menu where you can select what you want instead of waiting for the carts to come to you . quality is pretty good compared to other places , but can get pricey depending on the `` size '' of the dish you 're getting . if you order before 11am , all dishes are $ 3 regardless of size . service is relatively good , but not consistent all the time . overall i 've had a good experience here , would definitely keep coming back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time given one star to a restaurant because of the services . 1 ) there 's a dish told to be wait for 40mins , we said we do n't want it at first , then pops up at the bill and yes the dish took one hour ( steam rice ) and was given when we ask for the bill . 2 ) server took away menu without permission 3 ) ordered 4dishes , first 2 took 20-25mins , other 2 took another 20mins total 40-45mins for 4dishes ? only ordered fried dishes ... should n't be taken that long . and the restaurant were n't full of people . 4 ) no napkins given until ask for it 5 ) sever mixed our dishes without permission again ! that was very rude , just because one of the dish were almost finish does n't mean they can put them together without asking the customer 's permission ! from all those reasons , i will not recommend anyone to visit this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went here for dinner ! good service and great food ! ! the pervious staff were rude ! i 'm glad they changed the people ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "newly opened crown jewel fine dining has replaced the former sam woo seafood . a dim sum and chinese food restaurant , there is still some renovation work required on the premises , but they are open for business now . tried their dim sum which was competent ... we liked that every dish came out very hot . they have early bird pricing before 11 am . a nice successor to sam woo seafood which was one of our previous favorites in the area . we will return to sample more of their dishes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "white walls , cheap carpet , flood lights instead of chandeliers . this is a crown jewel ? way too crowded , restaurant was like sitting in a can of sardines under a heat lamp . unfortunately the food was also like the environment.. tasteless and disappointing . perhaps the restaurant is not quite ready ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a decently sized restaurant and there were lots of people here for dim sum . i really appreciated their service here as i found the staff to be courteous and more polite than some other chinese dim sum restaurants .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was great ! my sister made an appointment for us a few days before my wedding . it was quite busy , but everything seemed to be running efficiently . i got a pedi , and a set of acrylics . i brought my own polish and sparkly top coat , which was no problem at all . here 's what sells me on this place , the service . the techs were talking to their customers , and kept the side conversations with each other to a minimum . also , there was a manager ( ? ) there who greeted every person coming in with a smile . if you 're a regular , my sister said they will let you bring your own tools in and they store them for you in your own box . this would be great as i 'm paranoid about nail infections and always spend a few days after a pedi scrutinizing and obsessing over my toes . sadly , i do n't live close enough to be a regular , but if i did , i 'd definitely would be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to this place to have a fill almost every other week . i 've tried a ton of the places in the mt . lebo bridgeville and even mcmurray areas . i lot of the others look nicer and are more expensive , but i keep going back to perfect nails because they do the best job . note that while they take ccs , they wo n't let you tip on them . ( so annoying , but even la pomponee does it these days . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i saw the other rave review and was excited to go . i left very `` meh '' about the place . i just did n't get a great pedi . it looked ok and my guy was nice . but the nails were n't expertly cut so the pedi did n't last as long as a typical well-done one does . i would return in a pinch but my hunt for an inexpensive but nice south hills nail salon continues .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is not fancy but efficient and job well done . they are almost always open and easy to get in . my nails always look great when done !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay service , did n't ask specifically what i wanted as part of my pedicure which annoyed me", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was looking for a last minute place to get my nails done and i called this place second because my first choice did n't answer their phone ... twice . i called to make sure they took walk ins and to ask how much their gel mani 's were . $ 30 ! that 's a great deal especially because after i was done , my total was $ 30 ! no hidden charges lol . that might sound strange but if you 've ever gone to a new nail salon they always try to overcharge . emily did my nails and they were perfect . she just got a regular customer ! she 's very sweet and careful which i appreciate . the place in general is nice , nothing fancy but it 's clean . the utensils looked like i could eat with them honestly . everyone is very nice and i think i 'm going to get a pedi next time ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . i made an appointment the day before and they took me right on time ... .even though there were people waiting . my nail artist was very good and sweet . i had my toes and nails done . my only complaint was the place could use a good cleaning and my chair had some issues . the price was really reasonable and the service was great . i would definitely come back . i am posting some photos of my toes and nails ... .judge for yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . took me when i had a major time crunch . did an awesome job advising on what colors and design even when i was being a complete basket case haha . beautiful work . very gentle . tracey is the best ! ! ! ! recommended ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it sucks when your from out of town visiting family and you come get your nails done and have such a terrible experience . the lady i had did a terrible job , she did n't talk to me the entire time and was completely rude . i ended up shaping them and doing my nails almost myself . that 's not even the bad part as i was waiting for my family to finish she was talking about me to another costumer ! ! ! also i 'm a cosmetologist from san diego and everything they did and used was unsanitary ! totally disappointed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my new go-to ! stopped in for a mani-pedi and was seated even when they were busy , without much of a wait . my technician took the time to explain the process , answering any questions i had . i 'm beyond thrilled and ca n't stop admiring my new dip nails ! highly recommended ! thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you for taking me today . i was in a funk and really needed the tlc . tod and the young women were very attentive . i do n't remember the lady who did my toes but she was very nice as well as emily who did my gel nails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "todd is amazing ! ! ! he 's super nice , and very skilled at what he does . whenever he does my nails , i always know that they will be done perfectly . rock on , todd ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i won a competition of a meal for 4 , with wine . we took this on 29th december . we felt i should write , to thank you for a very lovely experience . special mention goes to our waiter , scott , who was superlative : highly attentive without ever being intrusive ; very cheerful whilst also being very professional and polished in his approach . highly recommended . the food was lovely never too slow , nor rushed ; cooked perfectly and presented beautifully . 3 of us had steak and each was cooked exactly as we had requested very rarely the case ( usually requests for well done elicit a rare steak ) . many thanks to the manager and their team for a lovely experience , on the basis of which we would have no hesitation in recommending the hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my flatmate told me about this place and it 's so close to me i 'm surprised i 've never noticed it before . myself and three friends decided to check it out and for a sunday it was easy enough to get a table , and the service was very quick . there was a lot of choice on the menu of really good sounding food and i went for the french toast with bacon and maple syrup on sourdough bread . it was gooooood . everyone enjoyed their food and we were all impressed with the cafe in general . it was nicely decorated and cosy . my only complaint was that they did n't leave the jug of maple syrup with us , but maybe that was a good thing ! : d", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is so my kind of place ! ! the interior design is awesome with striped colourful wallpaper , none matching tables and chairs , weird animal wall mounts and wooden pallets on the wall as shelves ! i visited about 11am and sat down before there were people queuing out of the door hoping for a table ! ! you are unable to reserve a table here so if you come at 12ish you 're likely to have to hover for a bit ! ! the food although served quite quickly was really well made and interesting , it 's fair to say they 've been adventurous with their menu ! ! as a vegetarian i was very impressed with what was on offer to me ! the staff were friendly , polite and obviously busy but remained efficient at the job ! ! massive thumbs up from me , mummy and the boyfriend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times now as i live nearby and yesterday had a lovely flat white and a very large slice of incredibly tasty blueberry and lemon something cake . i also tried some of my friend 's earl grey which i thought tasted very nice , from a lovely old lady teapot and a nice cup and saucer ! the staff are quite friendly , not oooverly so but that 's ok in my books . my only qualm with the tea time experience was that the music from the kitchen was loud enough to hear along with the music playing front of house . both sets of songs were quite enjoyable but pretty annoying when overlapped ! overall i like it there , will be back again and think it 's worth trying especially if you 're in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place to get brunch , perfect environment for a small group of friends or a couple . enjoyed good conversation with delicious food in a delightful setting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad , i stopped in for a piercing . asked me about 2 questions throughout the whole process : what color ? where ? and then the whole experience was over . i was in there for about 10 minutes total and 9 minutes and 30 seconds of that was spent doing paper work and waiting to get called back . the piercing was painless and sanitary so that gets 3 stars for me . minus a star because i ca n't speak for the tattoos and minus a star because i did n't really have much of an experience . not an overly friendly place , but just friendly enough to keep you from taking your business elsewhere . i could n't even tell you the guys name who pierced me because he said so little , but thanks , man !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if there was a way to put a negative sign infront of this review i would . rude rude people .. dirty and unprofessional.. workers just standing around and not helping . rude the second i walked in . do not go here . would give no stars if an option .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've visited this establishment on many occasions , i was satisfied every visit . i 've gotten a tattoo and two piercings , they went over how to properly clean my tattoo piercings . customer service in slow that 's why i gave 4 5 's . also it 's clean and easy to find .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought i would post a quick review because when i was searching for a dentist in the phoenix area , i found it challenging to choose from the list of names that my dental hmo plan allows . eventually i ended up picking one of the only private practices on the list , and relying on one review posted on some no-name website . i was fortunate to find an experienced dentist that has a well established business in the phoenix area . everyone at the office was friendly and professional , the office itself was clean and well maintained , and the hygienist was very gentle and thorough . although i do n't have kids i saw that they are treated well and even get to choose from a treasure chest at the end of their appointment ! the office took care of filing everything with my insurance company and even had me fill in a postcard which they will send me in 4 months to remind me it 's time to schedule another appointment . dr. lienau is a good dentist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been a patient of dr lienau 's since i was six years old ! i usually do n't care who my primary care physician is , but when it comes to my dentist , there 's no way in heck i would switch . i even referred a co-worker to him recently ! he 's very honest , upfront , and has such a great support staff . colleen is the nicest receptionist ! one of the hygienists has been there for years ( i forgot her name ! ! ) and is also a very friendly woman . i definitely recommend dr lienau !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this dentist almost 3 years ago to get a root canal . i actually needed two of them and he felt only one was needed . as of last november i switched to a better dentist . i have had to get that one tooth extracted that dr. lienau felt was no need to do a root canal on . the other tooth he did do a root canal one went bad . i got a extreme infection earlier this week and had a emergency . once my dentist pulled that tooth he saw a file sticking out of it from the previous root canal . he said the root canal was not done properly . this will be my 2nd infection in 3 years from dr. lienau . i do not suggest going to him at all . i have considered going legal to get my money back but i really do not want to deal with that headache . i suggest going to arrowhead foothills dentistry any day over dr. lienau .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good yogurt , fresh toppings , very clean and excellent customer service from staff and owner . had the cake batter and peanut butter yogurt ... .sooooo good ! ! ! we will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is my favorite froyo place in town ! the workers are so welcoming and polite . there is a variety of yogurt options to choose from and the toppings are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well-run self-serve frozen yogurt shop . it seems there are these places popping up everywhere , and not all of them are well maintained or friendly , but swirlie whirlie is always clean , well stocked and friendly . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't live particularly close to swirlie whirlie , and i stay away from dessert-type foods for the most part , so for those of you like me , it 's a great alternative to ice cream shops , and really worth the trip . delicious , healthier fun food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fro-yo is one of my favorite desserts and although swirlie whirlie delivers , there 's plenty of better places closer to pittsburgh . i do , however , like the pretzel menu they offer . what i liked : huge selection of toppings . offers soft pretzels . cute decor . daily specials . a tv that plays movies ( to keep the kiddos quiet ) . organized instructions for where the yogurt line starts . there are frozen yogurt containers available to-go . what i did n't like : not a huge selection of yogurt flavors . no original tart flavor ( my favorite ) . there 's only one size cup . self-serve fro-yo places are all mostly the same . this one is different because it has other snack offerings . it 's definitely a cute place and a good neighborhood ice cream alternative !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "toppings are always fresh way more to choose from than your average fro yo place staff is friendly place is clean and neat . more of mom and pop type place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing discovery ! i wanted the mirror chrome powder finish but called dozens of shops and no one had even heard of it . my trusted girlfriend and only nail technician i go to had never heard of it either and was out of town . she told me to call que and after ordering the product and supplies and waiting 3 weeks for our schedules to coincide , i trusted que would study the techniques and she nailed it ! lol pun intended . call her , book an appointment and be amazed by how beautiful your nails will be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing nail salon , great service . the only issue i had is that they were quite expensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this nail salon first time as needed nails done day b4 my trip down south . a week and day later shellac still intact no chip , no peeling . just normal growth . impressed ! definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in today ( thursday around lunch ) for waxing . very clean , professional and meticulous . made an appointment immediately for my nails . definitely my go to spot for waxing from now on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customer service is always worth 2 points . this place looses it due to that . nice building , rude staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have probably stayed at all of the hotel locations near the charlotte airport and most of them are showing their age . the doubletree nearby is ok but it is old and resembles a prison installation . this location is brand new and very welcoming . the front desk experience exceeded some i have had with much more expensive places . everything is new and fresh . plus all hilton garden inns have keurig coffee makers in the rooms- score !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wrote this review in april , and did n't realize i had n't published it until now . i stayed at your hotel recently , and received news of my grandpa 's passing just before boarding your shuttle to the hotel . i talked with jerry , the shuttle driver , who had some very uplifting words . when i checked out the next morning , jerry and nic gave me a kind note and a food box , an incredibly touching gesture that brought me comfort while i was processing the loss of my grandpa far from family and friends . it brings a sense of peace to know that there are people out there who show the kindness as my grandpa . the hilton should be proud to have jerry and nic as part of their team ! ! you guys are the best ! : ) ( also , clean hotel close to the airport . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stayed here on business march 6 , 2014 , and wish the trip were longer . what a beautiful new hotel . the rooms were so comfortable and spacious ( with a keurig coffee maker ) . the staff was super friendly ( especially kori ) and the availablity of coffee , cookies and tea was a great little perk . the shuttle to and from the airport was very helpful ( with super friendly drivers ) . i have never stayed at a hgi , but they are now my number one choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hotel is new , very clean , and has well equipped rooms . very nice stay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have not stayed at a hilton in some time , so i had a raised brow about this airport location on my recent stay in charlotte ( marriott was all booked ) . once i walked into the building i was greeted with a warm smile from the concierge which put my doubts at ease . check in was fast . the interior exterior is very very nice , outdoor patio with fire pit . the interior also has an transparent fireplace , connected to a very comfy looking library lounge , a well stocked coffee station , another lounge , and bar with 60 '' tv . my room was clean , bed was comfy and bathroom had all updated fixtures . my breakfast was a winas i had a made to order omelette with turkey sausage to start my day prepared by chef `` wes '' . i must say i will definitely be back on my next visit to charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is top notch . the price is reasonable , the rooms are updated & always clean & the staff is kind and courteous . ( i have stayed here 3 times in the last year ) they also offer long term parking ( this cost extra but is totally worth it ) and they have a shuttle that will take you to and from the airport when traveling . this is my go to hotel when i stay in charlotte , nc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there were storms in charlotte . and i miss my flight home . so at 1 am i arrived at the hilton garden inn with the clothes on my back . everyone was very accommodating making sure i had a nice stay and toiletries to make it to the airport the next day . i would definitely recommend them to other people if they 're up in charlotte at the airport .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stayed here for 3 nights this past week and had a great experience . the facility is as you would expect from a hilton . everything is clean and working . there is a small gym and business center that make any potential hiccups to your trip much easier to iron out . they also have a nice little bar and lounge area that have drinks and snacks in the afternoon and evenings ... as well as a really nice breakfast in the mornings . however , the constant theme was the friendly , smiling staff . most all appeared to be young ( which for some reason surprised me ) ... each and every one greeted me each time they saw me , each and every time . they also followed thru with great service , from the staff at the front desk to the room staff , janitors to the cook and waiter at breakfast , all really did a great job and i hope their manager knows . i will be staying here again on future trips and i look forward to another great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice room but the restaurant is a disaster . none of the restaurants at the hilton gardens i 've stayed at recently have been good but this one is the worst . tables dirty service was poor completely disorganized . no silverware on tables no juice out where you can get it yourself . just a bad place find a mcdonalds or dunkin donuts for better food and service", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good hilton property . i have stayed at hundreds of hilton properties and the hilton garden inn are mostly my favorites because more are new and the prices are usually reasonable . this is a good one i have been to a few times now with close location to the airport , about a 10 minutes drive from plenty of good places to eat and gas stations nearby to top off your rental before your flight home . good friendly staff , clean and well run .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel is a beautiful hotel very convenient to the airport and uptown . the staff here is amazing . our room was especially clean . i would definitely recommend this to my family and friends ! what an excellent place to stay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my boyfriend 's car broke down in king 's mountain , nc in his way to his military training . he had to travel to charlotte airport to get a rental car but when he arrived , there were no more available . i booked a reservation with hilton for him with my own points since i was not there and mary , being the superstar that she is , helped me every step of the way . this is what you call customer service . she reassured me and was quick to help as soon as she heard about the situation . i can not believe how attentive and kind she was towards me and i forever grateful ! it was a peaceful ending to a very very stressful night . thank you so much mary ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gorgeous modern interior ; seems like it was recently renovated . convenient shuttle service . check-in staff was friendly and helpful ( special thanks to deon at the desk ) . would not hesitate to stay here again the next time i 'm in town for business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burger & lots of french fries ! ask for ur burger medium , other than that- the cheeseburger with egg and pineapple was great ! the service was really good as well- head over for a good eat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "suuuuper lecker ! meiner meinung nach der beste burger in esslingen . es ist definitiv einen besuch wert ! preis leistung stimmt , ambiente stimmt und vorallem stimmt der service ! sehr freundliche und aufmerksame mitarbeiter . i love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im vergleich zu den bekannten ketten ist dieser laden auf jeden fall zu empfehlen . der service ist bei dem preis hervorragend und half auch einem neuling sich auf der karte zu orientieren . das ambiente war ok. man kann sich unterhalten , notfalls beim fernsehen etwas herunter kommen oder den burgerakrobaten bei der arbeit zusehen . die burger selbst sind wie anfangs schon gesagt l\u00e4ngen besser als bei den ketten , bei meinem ersten kennenlernen ( normaler und cheeseburger ) schmeckte es allerdings so , als h\u00e4tt ich mir im supermarkt die zutaten nebst tiefk\u00fchlpatties selbst geholt und zubereitet . dahingehend leider ein paar punktabz\u00fcge ( bin aber auch ziemlich verw\u00f6hnt durch das berliner bbi ) dennoch vom preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gelungene neuinterpretation eines american diners . leckere burger , knusprige pommes , faire preise .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new location ! nice spacious waiting area , neat decor and especially my hair stylist was super fun . bae- your service was just amazing today . she is a fun , engaging , attentive person and did a great job . would definitely request for her for my next appointments . since i am a new customer i got the mvp service for free . which includes haircut , massage head shampoo on a massaging recliner chair , hot towel treatment , and back massage . i was like whatttttttttttttttt . i was super annoyed with super cuts next to publix and trying to find another salon . looks like i just found one . definitely a must visit , since it is new you get more than what you pay for , till their promotion ends and also a great place to make it your regular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome service ! i was able to walk in , and in a chair in under 2 minutes ! this was my first time there so i got the full service for free ( definitely worth the money next time ) ! amanda was amazing and exceeded my expectations ! ! i will definitely request her the next time ! ! overall this was a great experience ! this will be my go to place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place for haircuts for young men and young ladies . the place is always clean and we are always greeted at the door with a smile . the staff here is friendly , talented , and provides a fabulous haircut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was so easy , when i transported my car with flat price auto shippingn charlotte ! i was followed with along the way and got detailed answers to my numerous questions . the drivers were professional , polite and efficient . thanks to the shipper for the great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with this shipper when i needed to ship my car to a my brother . they have good customer service , provide fast service and offer transparent prices . they scheduled a date , came pick my car up without being late even for 5 minutes and in 6 days my car was at the destination ! for anyone looking to ship their vehicle across the country , i recommend working with them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used flat price moving and auto shipping to move my mother 's car from western north carolina to the pacific northwest . i received excellent communication from nikki in terms of the set-up . they hit the pick-up window and delivered in the promised time frame . i was 100 % satisfied with their performance on my move .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience , nice young man has fixed my door several times . my door broke and he put a new one in . upfront about the cost . did not feel like he was ripping me off . great experience . would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called jason on a friday afternoon to replace a paleolithic liftmaster unit that had finally hit `` end-of-life . '' jason showed up at the appointed hour on monday to remove and replace the unit . the service was efficient and effective ; i could n't have reasonably asked for more . my regards to jason .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our springs break and the bearing ring pop out we also needed a new gasket for the bottom of the door . sos is fast , honest and do great work with new warranted parts . i 'd highly recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful service ! jason was reliable and did n't try to sell me anything that i did n't need or want . he was also very willing to work around my work schedule . i have never had to use a garage door service , but if i ever need to again i will definitely call him back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , reasonable service . no high-pressure sales tactics . friendly and courteous . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , super professional and clean install . pricing is just as great . would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no frills carries president 's choice products at `` discount '' prices ... there really are `` no frills '' but i like being able to recycle one of their boxes to carry my groceries home . plus , they are a great supply of free moving and packing supplies ... he he . great place to stock up on dry goods , and there is usually a good sale on one brand or yogurt or another at any given time . they do n't accept amex , which is a bit of a bummer , but that goes for all stores in the loblaws presidents choice chain . an added bonus , i 'll usually make an extra quarter or two by returning abandoned carts to the rack and claiming the deposit . i love lazy people !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place . dennis and the staff do a pretty good job of making sure that the aisles are cleared , the shelves are stocked , the lineups are reasonable . the pharmacy is pretty awesome , too , very knowledgeable and helpful . i did n't know they delivered medication to your home ( if nearby , of course ) ! one thing that could use improvement is the staff on cash-if they were more familiar with popular price-matching items from other stores , the lineup would go faster and the customers would be grateful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very well run store and i have always appreciated the way denis worked so hard to keep things nice . i was so upset to learn that denis passed away earlier this summer from a car accident . all i can say is we 'll miss you dearly and god bless you and your family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am the regular customer here . must say its indeed cheaper than any other supermarket chain . great people and good products . only thing you have to make sure when you lick the items is to check the price throughly because sometimes it 's not what it amenities over there . so make sure about it . rest is all good . good variety of food products . i felt the vegetable section is small and there is not much of a choice . all the other food products in one place . loved it . great location . ample amount of parking . dollarama near by and food courts near by . tim hortons as well . good that they have this cart which we need to pay 25 cents and will get that cent when we return it . it 's wise and good in one day . there is a box outside for food donation as well . loved this place and recommend to all ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice , clean and friendly shop on mont-royal east . great simple site with good , accurate portfolios . they took my call and booked me a consult right away . sylvie le sylvie was a total chillax pro who took all of 3 days to come up with a great design and then incorporated my feedback with no problem . they knew what my tattoo was about , were open to discussing concepts and seemed into the idea . when the appointment came , they were great - methodical and friendly without being too chit-chatty and you could tell the artists in this small and cosy shop get along together . as pleasant an experience as this is ever likely to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very chill and friendly shop . i went to see sylvie on a recommendation , and after seeing her sketch , cancelled an appointment i made elsewhere to have her ink me . she took the time to listen to me , get an understanding of the concept i had in mind , and then improved on it in ways i could n't have imagined . what now stretches from the middle of my forearm to my shoulder can only be described as a work of art . in fact , i 've been stopped several times on the street and asked who inked me and where i had it done . i 'm already thinking to the next piece i 'd like to have sylvie do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i went in looking for a walk in and wanted a custom design , and we understand that is a lot to ask . we were kindly greeted by a gentleman who cut short a personal conversation in order to talk to us and to see what we were looking for . it turns out that they were booked for some time and that some of their artists were away at a convention so we were not able to get work done at this shop . however , based on the customer service and on the portfolios that we were shown , i would highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "moi et blonde venons de passer 2 heures chez tatouage royal . nous avions pris un rv il y a un mois . nous n'avons eu aucune surprise tout \u00e9tait tel que convenu . les gens sont tr\u00e8s gentils et tr\u00e8s comp\u00e9tents . je recommande !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite tattoo shop in montreal . i 'm heavily tattooed and continue to go there on a regular base . i 've developped friendships with the artists there and i can say in all honnesty they are the most talented and nice bunch here . every one of them has their own unique style and pays attention to their customers . the shop is beautiful . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avec deux amies , nous sommes all\u00e9es nous faire tatouer \u00e0 tatouage royal par viktor vaclav et nous n'avons pas \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9\u00e7ue du tout . tout d'abord , il faut parler de la qualit\u00e9 de leur accueil , tout le monde a pris le temps de r\u00e9pondre \u00e0 nos questions , de nous conseiller , de nous rassurer aussi . ensuite , viktor s'est rendu disponible pour chacune de nous afin de discuter de nos tatouage respectifs , d'apporter toutes les modifications demand\u00e9es aux dessins etc ... il a \u00e9galement accept\u00e9 que nous restions toutes les trois \u00e0 chaque fois et s'est montr\u00e9 amical et plein d'humour envers nous . en ce qui me concerne , je suis enti\u00e8rement satisfaite de son travail et de la mani\u00e8re dont nous avons \u00e9t\u00e9 re\u00e7ue \u00e0 tatouage royal , si je veux me refaire tatouer durant mon s\u00e9jour \u00e0 montreal , je n'envisage pas une seconde un autre endroit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hab mir k\u00fcrzlich eine sonnenbrille dort geholt . bei 35 grad drau\u00dfen war die klimatisierung des ladens sehr angenehm . freundliche beratung , gute auswahl , faire preise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anfangs war ich von brillen mosqua auch sehr begeistert , inzwischen sehe ich das allerdings etwas anders . service : wenn ich als kunde einen optiker betrete , erwarte ich eigentlich , dass jemand meine brille mal in ein ultraschallbad legt und kleinere wartungsarbeiten vornimmt , dies ist nicht so : beratung : was die augenmessung etc . angeht top , bei den fassungen hat man aber das gef\u00fchl , dass der verkauf im vordergrund steht , auch wenn der kunde v\u00f6llig ungl\u00fccklich aus der fassung guckt , wird die , meist teure fassung , in den h\u00f6chsten t\u00f6nen gelobt . kundenpflege : von meinem alten optiker kannte ich karten zum geburtstag oder andere aktionen , in meiner zeit als kunde bei mosqua gab es da nix . wie gesagt , fachlich super , aber der rest des pakets passt nicht .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "super service , top qualit\u00e4t-wass will man ( n ) , frau mehr . kann nur jedem empfehlen sich in allen fragen rund um die brille , trage keine kontaktlinsen , an das team in der myliusstrasse zu wenden . david", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go here because its near where i live and i am catholic . it 's not a church i can see myself being very involved in and the place has an `` old school '' feel to it along with the congregation , which seems to be shrinking with every passing year . the pastor is a good man . i like his sermons which are sometimes a tad dull and can seem `` canned '' . good variety of mass times on sunday , good sized parking lot and casual dress is the norm being some of the better points of this church .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome fish fry and street fair .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is your go-to spot for brewing and soda-making supplies ! everything from malt yeast hope to bottles equipment and brew kits , byob has it all ! they even have occasional brewing classes for those wanting to see what all the excitement 's about . stop by and check it out for yourself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once you to to all grain brewing , this is the store where you need to go as they have a walk in grain room and you can taste the grain you are using in your all-grain brewing . in addition , the staff is extremely courteous and helpful . i 've received some great tips from them on improving my brewing . just a first class operation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service , great selection for my beer brewing needs , and reasonable prices . i am so happy to have this place within a few miles of my house . everyone i 've dealt with has been incredibly helpful , knowledgeable , and not snobbish or pretentious . the place is also clean and well organized . my brewing activity has increased since finding this place because it 's such a pleasure to go get supplies . you might be able to get slightly better prices by shopping online , but then you 're dealing with shipping and waiting and worrying about heat in transit ... and there 's less opportunity to learn something new or ask questions about the product you 're buying . besides , supporting the local economy trumps a few percentage points in overall savings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed supplies for a home brew and i work in mesa . i thought i was going to have to drive all the way into tempe and get stuff from `` those other guys . '' i completely forgot about a small little store in a business park i remember seeing every day when i drive to work ( like an idiot ) . much to my surprise , these guys were awesome . i may have been the only guy in the store but they gave me superb service , advice and showed me around a little bit . the store was very clean and organized , with almost everything in stock . i will continue to make this my only lhbs and recommend them to all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just decided to get into brewing and luckily , byob is close to home . all the guys i have met that work there are very friendly and ready to help you before the door closes behind you on your way in . they helped me pick out my first kit and even helped carry it out to the car . i 'm signed up for the free beginners brewing class and i ca n't wait to get started .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "byob is a great place with extremely fresh ingredients . i was impressed with both the cleanliness and the fact they let you pull your own ingredients ( if desired ) or they can pull them for you . you can smell the freshness when you first walk in the door . i 've made two beers recently with their ingredients and they 've turned out perfect . the freshness makes a big difference and i highly recommend a stop here if you 're making your own brew .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was having issues with my kegerator for almost a year . i bought parts online and some fit and some did not and still never fixed my issue . went to byob and in a few minutes had the right parts and my system has never worked so well in years ! thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buy my wine kits here every year fir the past 4 years . accommodating and knowledgeable . just wish they had a wider varied selection of wine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is very knowledgeable , and nice . the products and kits have been high quality . i would refer everyone to shop here for you 're being needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome folks , .good service ! sofia", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited brew your own brew for some yeast and was very impressed with the store , staff , and the availability of items . the store was clean and all the items for sale were clearly labeled and priced . the prices were lower compared to the brewing stores in north phoenix . i will definitely return to this store in the future and would recommend as a good alternative to anyone considering ordering off of an online site like northernbrewer.com .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "out of all the dollar stores , dollar tree is my favorite . it is relatively clean and organized at this location . at christmas they have the essentials such as boxes , gift wrap , and labels , cheaper than target !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i spent way too long here today to figure what i needed to get for goodie bags . not that it was a bad thing i just could n't decide they had so much to choose from . they have good stuff for a $ 1 compared to the $ .99 store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok . here is another store in the same plaza as payless shoesource that is ok some what . they have snacks such as shasta sodas and little variety of sweets , but when i need something like for work , i can never find things in this store . i would have to drive to the dollar tree in the plaza at the corner of maryland pkwy and silverado ranch ! ! i go to the dollar tree alot whether for work related things , for my son 's school stuff , or just because it is convienent , but not this one !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dollar tree is the place to go if you are looking for inexpensive goods . i tend to like their bags and tissue paper . it acts as a quick solution and the lazy man 's way out of gift wrapping . the quantity for most of their items is not too much , but for a dollar , it is not bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a store . they sell stuff for $ 1 . they call it dollar tree . ingenious .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't know why there are so many bad reviews about this dollar tree . for the most part , this dollar tree is clean and the employees are friendly . my favorites buys here are the following : -party decor -plastic paper silverware & plates -seasonal decorating supplies -cheap frames -craft items -cheap school supplies -mylar balloons -la colors cosmetics -measuring cups ( random , i know ) -kids flashcards & coloring books there are occasionally long lines , but overall , i like this dollar tree . plus , did you know everything in here is $ 1 ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is your typical dollar store . this one is pretty large , has a good selection and seems to have plenty of stock of the items i need . people think that it 's the dollar store so instantly it 's a good deal , but you really have to watch on some of the food items ... it can often not be the best deal . i come here a lot to buy items for my arbonne business - plastic tubs for foot soak at my spa parties , marbles , cheap wash clothes , little hand towels , spa bath give aways like loofah , sponges and scrubbers . i do n't feel so bad when i loose them or have to toss stuff when it was cheap to begin with . other things i can find here : cards goody bag stuffers diy project components cheeky holiday decor since it 's a dollar store , the deals and good items are hit and miss . you learn quickly what to avoid and what is ok to get here ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love dollar tree , and this one has become my favorite in las vegas because of its neighboring stores . although smaller than some other dollar stores , dollar tree is my favorite because of two items that i can always get there : sugar free cough drops and refrigerated sugar free rip-it energy drink . for browsing the aisles , a smaller ( but by no means tiny ) store like this is better since i waste far too much time in the larger stores . tons of parking here so enjoy until more people realize the strip mall this is located in is nicer than you 'd figure it is from its location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to your location a couple days ago the older lady with the red hair was very hesitant to help me . when i i asked for help she grunted and i told her she did n't have to help me if she did n't want to and she did n't respond back to me or knowledge me", "score": "1"}
{"review": "buy the household cleaners & supplies for $ 1 . store is clean & organized . same plaza as big lots , ross , many more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to this store many times and now i have stopped . for one the people are rude the cashiers do n't smile noting it 's like they have no life in them . and the manger the older woman she is just plain nasty . to me it feels she hates her job . so i will never go there again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible place ! the manager matt is one of the rudest sales person out there . they are all nice to you till you are willing to buy the car , as soon as the prices do n't work out , they wo n't hesitate for a minute to insult you before letting you go . do n't go there at all . there are better showrooms out there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is first class . the dealers knew their information and we 're very friendly , but in a personable way , not in the clich\u00e9 salesman way . was extremely happy with my price for my mazda 3 and the customer service was second to none . i will hit the gong again in the future . talk to das , matt or almit and youll get great service and a great price ! highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "about my experience : post sale service excellent . both soli in sales and ali the sales manager are 2 professionals who exceed one 's expectations in both courtesy and integrity . about my purchase : if looking for a compact suv cuv , for value and driving enjoyment nothing comes close to the mazda cx-5 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very pleased with the service and the final product . delivered on time and as promised . obviously went over my budget , but no regrets : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a beautiful store with wonderful items . the owner is incredible sweet and attentive . she works hard to create a safe space for women of all sizes . the store is mainly dresses , jeans , lingerie , and accessories . i was tempted to give it a four for this reason because i was looking for skirts and tops , but it 's a boutique with a defined offering , so i wo n't hold that against it . lots of jospeh ribkoff and some bettie page items . all lovely . i had a bit if sticker shock on some items like the jeans . the dresses can be expensive too , but they are made in canada , not sweatshops , so it is worth it . the bathroom is adorable ! it 's really lovable with all sorts of amenities ... lotion , perfume , wipes , and body positive artwork .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome . i needed a cocktail dress for my work party . stefanie asked me a few questions , got my first impressions on a few styles and then skipped away to grab me some dresses to try . i lingered back , casually thumbing the clothing and making my way to the change room . imagine my delight when i found 10 dresses waiting for me to try on . ten ! i was even more delighted to see that there were some high heels in the change room to wear so that you could get a better idea of the final look . - no white ankle socks ! stefanie was great , she did n't pressure me at all , in fact , she sat in the lounge chair and we chatted like girlfriends while i gave her a fashion show ! ha ha i left with four dresses and will definitely be back for some casual and work clothing . prices vary but that 's to be expected . you might not find a $ 20 single use dress here but i 'm more than okay with that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing plus sized clothing store with funky , trendy , beautiful , and versatile clothing for the rest of us ! no more ugly patterns and moo moos from the likes of walmart , etc . this place is the best : ) i will be back . thanks for the great and attentive service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to sexyplus clothing to buy a dress for my cousins wedding . i am the mc so i wanted something fabulous . i did n't find just 1 fabulous dress , i found 10 ! i wanted to buy them all ! stephanie and vanessa were so helpful in finding just the right dress for the occassion . i do n't think i will ever shop for another dress anywhere else ! the fit , the feel , the staff , the whole experience was awesome . i highly recommend this place to all the ladies who spend hours trying to find a dress made for their fabulous curvy body ... .stop spending that extra time and frustation . go to sexyplus clothing and walk away feeling hot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had 3 evening gowns dry cleaned , one of which had a brown stain that i thought could not be salvaged . the price was about $ 20 for my 3 dresses and the unsightly stain was completely removed . i am a very happy customer . thank you , sunshine dry cleaners !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the owner is great however my last experience was terrible and i will not be returning because of it . i came into pick up my dry-cleaning and was told that the cost of services was $ 82 dollars , to only find later that i had been charged $ 121 i called to ask about the discrepancy in what i was told and what i was charged and was basically told your wrong sorry and that a manager would be in contact . still have n't received said phone call ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great cleaner ! i started coming here to get my suits dry cleaned . the older gentleman ( possibly the owner ) is usually the cashier . he is very friendly , polite , and professional . their quality of cleaning is great and never had an issue with them damaging my clothes . it 's good to have a cleaner so close to home that i can trust . give them a try , you 'll be satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while visiting relatives in peoria , i discovered a stain on the shirt i was to wear to my nephews birthday party . i took the shirt to sunshine cleaners and they were able to remove the stain , wash & press my shirt . it looked like new . the employees were very professional , friendly & definitely saved my day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dropped off my wedding gown for some serious cleaning after our outdoor wedding and photographs . it took them three days to clean it and when i picked it up it was like new . that 's hardly the important part of the experience , nor was the cost ( extremely reasonable , in my opinion ) . what i enjoyed the most about coming here was the customer service . each staff member i interacted with was so friendly and welcoming . i mean , honestly , who even thinks about this anymore ? but seriously , they greeted me immediately upon entering , they petted my tiny dog , they were complimentary about my gown , and they were just down-to-earth kind people . i do n't care if it is a far drive for me from surprise , i will bring all my dry cleaning here from now on . sometimes we forget how important basic customer service is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grrrrr frustrating my uniform pants now my shirts are not coming out as it did before l.e uniform is not cheap it 's costing me 3 times more now am rethinking if the drive is worth it", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thank you thank you ! while in phoenix for other purposes , a family friend passed away and i needed clothing to attend the services . i called around and sunshine was the only place that was willing to help me with a quick turnaround so that i could attend the services . i sincerely appreciate it ! they did what they said they would do ( just a few hours ) and the cost was very reasonable . much thanks sunshine cleaners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dress up everyday and larry 's express next day service at sunshine drycleaners is a god-sent for me looking the best at work that i could possibly be his new machinery has upgraded the quality tenfold and made his business the most efficient it could . well folks if you 've had some bad experiences in the past you could brush that underneath the carpet and say goodbye and be very happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunshine dry cleaners is stellar ! ! . i am very selective with whom i entrust to clean my clothes . the owner , larry and his staff go the extra mile to thoroughly and gentle dry clean each garment i bring to them at a reasonable price . larry and his staff treat me like a valued customer and his other clients who i see while in the cleaners seem happy as well . i highly recommend sunshine dry cleaners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! i was very happy with how my clothes turned out . i will definitely be a return custom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new owner reached out to me & offered to make my negative experience a positive one . by this time i had already given up on the comforter so it was kind of a mess . i brought it in & the owner was as sweet as could be , i could tell he genuinely wanted to make it right . when i got it home i could n't believe it was the same comforter ! it looked beautiful & brand new ! a stain that was left from the first owners cleaning was now gone ! i am so impressed with the quality & professionalism from the new owners . we will definitely be taking our items here , so glad we tried them out again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location ! right inside the green valley ranch casino , park on the roof of the parking garage for easy walk in access ! very friendly staff and great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i was in jimmy johns for a second because i did n't even pay yet and my sandwich was ready ! i had this coupon promoting a free 9 '' sub with any purchase so i bought a cookie . i ate all of my veggie turkey sandwich and that was more than delicious . also once you do check in on yelp they offer a free complimentary dessert of either a choice between a brownie or a cookie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try the bobbie and tell me you do n't suddenly get the strange urge to start preparing a shopping list for black friday . it really is a reminder of all the yummy goodness that is thanksgiving . i also tried the philly chicken , which was just as good . you definitely do n't need to do a large , unless you 're a fat-azz like i me . it 's good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dragon fire just open recently . great looking with dark wood paneling , dark ceiling . lots of options ; robata , hibachi , and large sushi bar . so many choices so little stomach ... will have to come back to try some of the options . stopped in for lunch and had a really friendly server . she said there would be a patio in may . there are about 10 draft beers available . the sushi bar was crowded . ordered the robata grilled salmon salad which was on mizuna greens , with candied cashews , mandarins , red pepper , and sweet soy vinaigrette . the salmon was grilled perfectly and the salad was delicious and the vinaigrette was a good match .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not comment on the food because i was refused entry to this restaurant . in one of the most bizarre customer service experiences of my life , the hostess asked me after i requested a dinner table for two at 8:30pm , `` what do you want ? '' . to which i confusedly replied , `` i would like to eat dinner . '' she then glanced at the hibachi chef who was sitting at a table texting behind me , and he shook his head no . she basically told us that we 'd better not request hibachi . we then left , having been denied the ability to eat and give this restaurant our money . i am honestly still aghast at this place , utterly flabbergasted . i give this place 6 months .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fire in your face , good food in your mouth - what could be better than that ? ! ? ! went here recently and had the hibachi ( chicken and scallops ) . portions are generous and service was decent . if you are in the mood for hibachi then this will definitely satisfy your craving . a few things that made me subtract a star - the scallops were slightly overcooked . i never thought i 'd say that b c usually i like my seafood on the well done side , but scallops are best when not overcooked . also , there was a `` check-in '' offer through yelp where you get a free edamame appetizer ... which is awesome , but our waitress seemed real confused about it . if an establishment is going to offer something like that then the staff should be informed - it was a slight annoyance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very disappointing . i ca n't remark on what the food was like for the hibachi seating grill , but the a la carte menu left much to be desired . the pepper appetizer was downright repulsive . everything else was so-so . the sushi was decent . they were out of sauvignon blanc and served the wine in crappy wine glasses ( major pet peeve ! ) our waiter was horribly annoying as well . blah all around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after having been to dragonfire twice now i can say with full confidence they have great foods . the chefs at the table can be a little cheesy but it 's a very fun experience . personally i love their sushi , and hibachi ! very few places can you find california rolls with real crab and that makes it a winner in my book ! the meals can are defiantly on the pricey side but i have come to expect that with these types of restaurants .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not as good as i would have hoped , food was warm , not hot ! got there about 8pm and staff was more interested in cleaning and closing than taking care of customers . will not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there as we had a groupon . we wo n't be back . the place was deserted except for one other table of two . our server came over promptly , but did n't like that he also brought over with him the used dishes from another table too . drinks came , soup and salad were close behind ... and even before we could finish our salad and soup came our entrees . kinda felt we were rushed . our dish was supposed to have shrimp and scallops , but we both swear there was one scallop that was cut up and 2 shrimp - all cut into pieces . that 's it for $ 25 ! ! ! oh , some noodles and some veges and some good spicy sauce . but for $ 25 ? ? if i did n't have a groupon i 'd be really really disappointed . very over priced . we wo n't be back . but from the other reviews on urbanspoon etc . and news that staff are n't paid ... . seems as if the business wo n't be there for long .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried a little bit of everything here . their main thing is their japanese charcoal grilled items , which i tried both salmon and chicken and was n't particularly wowed by either . while the grilling sauces were good , both meats were bland . sushi is pretty expensive , but very good . we only got 3 rolls here which was minor for us . still , was good . the fried rice with shrimp sauce was ok , have had better shrimp sauce . i will have to try their hibachi someday to see if it is any better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went here on a thursday night with my husband & 2 year old son . we chose to just sit at a regular table , not a hibachi table . our waitress was friendly and offered to bring my son 's food out first ( which was only noodles ) . that is very helpful when dealing with an impatient , easily bored , 2 year old . my husband orded sushi rolls ... .ca n't remember what kind . they were okay , but nothing spectacular . i orded the seafood treasure with lobster , shrimp & scallops . it also comes with noodles & veggies . the scallops were excellent , but the shrimp & lobster were way overcooked ... .too tough to enjoy . too pricey for what you get . restaurants in that exact location seem to have a very high turnover . not sure why , since all the other restaurants in the galleria have been there a very long time . i doubt this one will be any different .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was our second trip to dragonfire ... .wow . i am completely disappointed . the robotu grill chef is the worst . i ordered lamb the 1st time and she undercooked it 3 times . this time i ordered steak because i like steak a little rare . it came out raw ! this place is horrid and we will never be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "despite the fact the place was only a quarter full , we had the slowest service ever . food was served and we had n't even received flatware yet ! refills were hard to come by . food quality was ok and quantity seemed bigger than saga , but quality and flavor did n't make up for it . the meat and veggies were good , but hibachi fried rice was not that good for a place that specializes in hibachi ! also , our waitress made unnecessary trips with long waits in between for leftover containers , bags , and checks . not sure why there was such a lag time in between getting these items . at least our chef was funny . oh and they were not going to let my 2 year old share my meal without a sharing fee !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there on a groupon during week . not many people there . went into the bar since no one was on the front desk . sat at a table in the bar and waited for a server , no one ever waited on us , or even talked to us . we waited for 1 2 hr . and still no one waited on us . everyone in the server staff seemed very confused what was going on . i will never go back for i thought the bar tender could have even served us . we finally left . terrible place and i am sure it will not last the new year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to dragonfire last night with my daughter we sat on their beautiful outdoor patio . i ordered from the robata grill i had the salmon and asparagus . the salmon was fabulous melted in my mouth and the asparagus still had a little crunch to it perfect . my daughter ordered from their sushi bar she said it was the freshest sushi she 's ever had . our server was very nice and prompt and recommend the lychee martini . if you like grapefruit this is a must try it was so delicious i had to have two , i will definitely be returning to dragonfire .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here on a friday , without notice , during lunch and ordered the premium omakase ( chef 's choice ) robata and sushi meal . the chefs rose to the challenge and prepared a feast involving sashimi , grilled tomatoes , mushrooms filled with miso butter , salmon yakitori two ways , ny strip , sweet corn , sweet potatoes with teriyaki , and may more delectable items . in all cases , i was impressed by the quality , the attention to details of flavor and presentation , and the influence of classic japanese robata . i will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a groupon for dragon fire for a pretty decent price . against my better judgment i decided to try it out , despite most of the bad so-so reviews i read online . the location is n't ideal or really intimate to dine in , considering that it is in the mall and not sectioned off ( my view was of a women 's clothing store and a movie theater ) . many items from the bar menu were also sold out at the time , the robata grill was broken , and they only had one option for dessert . the worst part of the restaurant was the food unfortunately , which seemed to all be finished in butter . going to a place that serves hibachi , i expected dishes with bold asian flavors and spices , not an overpowering rich butter aftertaste . the food was rich ( not in a good way ) , and hard to stomach much of in one sitting . our server was friendly and upbeat and the dishes were presented well . but the restaurant overall gave off a uncomfortable vibe , i probably wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the classiest hibachi 's in the area . quiet ! ! none of the hip hop loud over the top birthday clap clap crap . nice and quiet but with a good cooking show . outside seating also available on the indoor `` porch '' . good food . really good udon they call something else . cool specialty bbq that starts with an r ( robuta ? ? ) ca n't remember the names , but remember the great grilled veggies on that thing . both the food and atmosphere are so much better than your average hibachi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worse hibachi experience ever . to start , the hostess was more interested in her personal phone call then recognizing us . it took her 3 minutes to finish her personal business . the chef was dull not like the other chefs this evening . the food was just okay . i do not think the taste would have made a difference on the chef . i would chose another place for hibachi . i can not rate this place on anything else but will not be returning . we were seated ( only 2 of us ) around 7:05 and were done , paid and in our car on the second level at 8:05 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "steve sales is amazing ! he helped me get into the perfect home and helps me whenever i need anything . he is very knowledgeable and answers all your questions as if you were his best friend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "keller williams agent , gilbert gildore had a listing on apartments.com . i called and left a message for him , with my name , phone number and property . he called back with `` what company are you from ? '' . `` what listing are you calling about ? '' and finally `` i 'll call you back '' . the tone and response was shockingly rude . unbelievable and left speechless . good luck mr. gildore , you do n't have to call me back , thanks ! i 'm sure the other agents at this company are fine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we are planning a move to henderson . we currently live in colorado . we had less than a week to find a home . i contacted steve sales and my worries were over ! steve went above and beyond to make it happen . working long hours with no limits to show us several properties . not only did he find us exactly what we were hoping for , but when we had to go back to colorado he continue to make sure to guide us through the whole precess . even showing the property to my family and those who needed to get in . steve is one of the most professional real estate agents in the business ! . we have been selling and buying property for over 20 yrs and have never dealt with such an awesome agent . i would and have referred him out to my friends and family . thank you for all you do steve ! much appreciated don and nancy lewin", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in search of a new home in las vegas , and had gotten the fortunate opportunity to deal with steven sales . he 's without a doubt one of the best agents to work with . he 's highly knowledge of the current and past markets as well as the areas , very informative of the technical aspects of a home allowing him to recognize things about a home that someone who is just an `` agent '' may not recognize . he was very patient , as well as persevering in his search to find the perfect home for me , seeing as many homes as we needed until we found the one that was the perfect match . at no point at all did i feel he was rushing or pushing me into a property that i was n't interested in as this can be a stressful thing already to do . after dealing with steven , theres a good chance you may feel disappointed by any and every single real estate agent you 've dealt with before . i highly recommend him and will continue to refer anyone i can to him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's difficult to find a real estate agent that really listens to what what you want in a home and is willing to be patient and persistent in the search to find it . steve sales worked hard to find exactly what i was looking for and we found it . do n't settle for an agent that shows you 5 or 6 houses and then pushes you to compromise or pawns you off on an associate . steve knows the local market , is willing to share his knowledge and insight , is patient , persistent , professional and will work hard to help you find what you are looking for - and for these reasons i give him my highest recommendation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are moving from chicago to the vegas area and used steve sales as our real estate agent . this is the best move we could have ever made . steve listened to our unique requirements and did n't waste our time with homes that were not a logical fit . he really knows the market and negotiated a great deal for us and even got us owner financing . steve went way above and beyond to make us happy . after meeting us he then sent us a video of a home he thought we would like . we bought it off the video . later he picked us up at the airport , dropped us off at our hotel and even after the closing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have purchased and sold seven homes in the past 40 years , and have never had such phenomenal service as provided by steve sales . we knew no agents in the area , so relied on reviews . steve has far exceeded our expectations based on those excellent reviews . yes , he has excellent knowledge of all of the henderson and las vegas area , and a great understanding of real estate . that is not what sets him apart . he has been an inspector in the past , so his technical expertise was invaluable in understanding what to look for . he helped us every step of the way , including helping with the selection of options for our new home . after we made the purchase , he sent us frequent pictures of the house 's construction , extremely useful as we are from out of town . we have already recommended steve to a friend moving into henderson , and would recommend him to anybody looking for a new were use home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being in the real estate business myself for over 18 years ( selling exclusively new homes ) i strongly agree with all the other reviews here about steve sales . we were recommended by my father whom has bought and sold many homes using steve . and i understand why . he helped my husband and i find exactly what we were looking for . we told him our needs and he made it happen . we ended up buying a foreclosure and we got such a great home at such an amazing price ! ! ! he built good relationships with all parties involved which helped the process go smoothly . he is a real estate professional with a capital p ! do yourself a favor . if you are looking for a realtor in the las vegas valley , call him . he answers his phone , he returns calls promptly and he works hard for you . he knows this market . i highly recommend him . he is a pleasure to do business with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visited for lunch buffet . food selection was good , but the food was lukewarm . specially ordered onion kulcha which was really good . much of the food was spicy but especially the spinach paneer ! dessert selection was small ( 2 items ) and not of good quality . interior was open with plenty of seating , but sparse on decorations . service was okay .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pathetic uncooked bland non salty food please avoid at all costs . i would really expect some better food at an indian place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite lunch time haunts . this is a small mom & pop place so it is quaint & personal . the owner & staff are always polite & helpful . they cater to my maximum spicy overload ! i love , love , love this place ! this is right on the light rail & easy to get to . a lot of great vegetarian & gluten free choices ! you have to try my personal favorite , the paneer tikka masala ! if you are a spicy addict like i am ... do not ... i repeat do not pass by the marinated spicy onions on their condiment bar . they are amazing ! ! yummmm ! did mention they have a fantastic buffet too ? ... the best eggplant , a must try ! yummy rice pudding . another awesome bit of info ... they do n't close down in the middle of the day like most indian restaurants do . they are open whenever the craving strikes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really friendly and sweet staff which made my first visits very welcoming . just finished having some delicious chicken tandoori . i will definitely go again especially to try their desserts . they sounded delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am typically highly skeptical of restaurants in phoenix-tempe area but this place has really good food and the owner & servers are so refreshingly friendly . i had the lunch buffet and was very satisfied . their samosas were very yummy and everything had good flavor with tolerable spiciness . and they have good vegetarian options . the owner even gave us free desert that was so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is genuinely priced but terrible and bland . the paneer tikka masala was so sour that it was inedible . the veg biriyani was terrible that we had to leave it there after a spoon . the only thing that was better were naan and the fruit custard . the service was so bad . the guy almost threw the fork n spoon to the table . i will never go back to this place . nor i will never recommend it to anyone . stay away from this place . i really wish i could give 0 stars . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really like this place ! the food is reasonably priced and very tasty . their take on palak paneer is one of the better ones i 've had . the staff is very friendly and really go above and beyond to make sure you are happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was curious to check out the restaurant that took over the barzini 's spot on apache . we were very happy with the change . we dined in the early evening , and the server was pleasant . i had the aloo palak and my friend and palak paneer - the spice level was perfect and we were happy with the portions . the meal came with naan or rice , so the bill was much lower than other indian restaurants that up-charge for each side dish . the garlic naan was excellent , and we look forward to trying other entrees as well as the buffet . we will definitely visit again- the food was just as tasty as other local indian pakistani restaurants , but much cheaper .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in here on a whim amongst so many indian restaurant offerings . tried the lunch buffet and was not disappointed . granted , i 'm a white girl , so my knowledge of good indian food is probably not a level . but i enjoyed it . pros : very clean restaurant ( did n't use bathroom or check out the kitchen , so no idea there ) nice buffet selection - not a huge number of options , but what was there was flavorful and filling friendly service - granted it 's kind of do-it-yourself , but they were very pleasant naan was good - and served nice and hot dollar value was good - buffet and drink was about $ 10 cons : wish they were in central phoenix where i would go to them more often compared to some of the other ethnic food options in tempe , copper kettle is a good bet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tandoori nan was excellent , achari paneer was so out of the world : - ) it tastes like old age authentic recipe- a must try , had high hopes from sindhi biryani but it let me down , so overall ok", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in after my fiance brought home a certificate from restaurants.com . i was blown away ! ! the service was very fast the staff was super polite and attentive and the food was outstanding . i have to recommend the tikka masala and of course the fresh made garlic naan bread . we will definitely be going back ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in tonight around 7:30 for the dinner buffet and to use my restaurant.com voucher . there was no dinner buffet , and the waiter said the new owner did not accept these vouchers . as far as i know , restaurant.com was not told this , so i did not know . no other customers in the restaurant . no way this place survives .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had an a-la-carte dinner here . very good , fresh , spicy dishes . dishes have an authentic punjabi flavor . there is dinner buffet till 9pm , for $ 10 . decent service and comfortable ambiance . probably the best budget indian cuisine in tempe . best dish : paneer tikka masala .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "`` copper kettle is now running inside zamzam world foods building , located in chandler on arizona ave and galveston ( 30 w. galveston st. chandler . az , 85225 ) . `` https : www.facebook.com copper-kettle-111702275534392", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there for the lunch buffet , and it was only so-so . had n't been there since they were at he old location , so i do n't know how their regular menu is . sure hope it is still as good as it used to be .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bland food . very late service . gave one rating coz it wouldnt let me give a zero rating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been a fan of copper kettle on phoenix for long time , over 8 years . was very disappointed when they closed down couple years back . looks like they reopened here in tempe . food was really tasty and good . however , they did n't have beef pays and nihari at the lunch buffet . very disappointed about that , which are my fav dishes at copper kettle . other than that , food , service and prices are good . next time , i 'll call first to see if they have beef on buffet , before visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been looking for pakistani food for 28 years . i spent a few years in england where i fell in love with pakistani food . upon returning to arizona i was never able to find curry that even came close to comparing to what i had come to love in england . last tuesday night my wife and i just happened to notice the copper kettle in tempe as we were staying in the motel across the street . we decided to give them a try . oh my goodness were we ever pleased that we did ! the food was so amazing ! i wish i lived closer to tempe to go back often . i unfortunately live 4 hours away . i will definitely come eat here again the next chance i get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food tastes good but the customer service is pathetic . management should hire more staff . the place is not at all hygienic , the glasses were n't washed cleanly and were smelling . i was n't impressed with the overall service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they had the option of a buffet for people like me who did n't know what i wanted . got a spoonful of everything on my plate . it was so delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after watching check please , we were super excited to check this out . ordered the garlic naan , which smelled amazing . the main courses were ok , i liked my vegetarian curry but the meat eaters in the group were disappointed with their meals . service was really slow ( even though there was only one other table there ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "did n't really pay attention to the names of the dishes i was having as part of the buffet , but all was very tasty . nothing was too spicy , and all very flavorful . the naan bread was terrific , and came out fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really good ! the service is friendly and the food is delicious . i got the biryani lamb and it was excellent - big portions too . make sure to get the chai at the end of your meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they should call it the chicken 'tendon ' masala . i ordered the tikka masala ( medium ) to go , 2 orders actually with the garlic naan . got home to find it does n't come with rice , could be my fault for not asking . traditionally i 've found that it does come with rice or the server asks if you 'd like some which would indicate it 's absence . anyway , i am diving in and find it dreadfully bland . nothing a bunch of salt wo n't cure but still , also not a fan of all the crunchy tendons in it . i 'll be eating the bread and using the sauce to dip .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great staff and i love the buffet . it gave me a chance to try a little of everything . the bread is awesome and the owner made sure we were taken care of . i 'll def be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located conveniently right off 422 's 306 exit ( despite three traffic lights and turning left against busy traffic ! ) food and service have generally been up to mcdonald 's standards - no problem there . due to its convenient location , the drive-thru can get pretty well backed up throughout the day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place..the business is just to slow in this area..but the food is always fresh and hot..please have someone help them..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the all american burger chain . they have grass fed all natural beef burgers . love the coffee # mccafe . love the fries", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes it is a mcdonalds but this location stands out as always having friendly attentive service and consistently gets your orders right . the menu is what is it , but if you choose to order from it the service here is worth the trip .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "anita is a truly gifted healer and massage therapist . she has been working on my mother , who has chronic nerve pain , arthritis , and carpal tunnel . anita is truly her saving grace and is bringing her great healing and comfort . i visited her for the first time today and also found her to be one of those rare therapists who intuitively senses right away which parts of our body need work and attention . she is so talented in her craft , and i felt so much better afterwards . she is a kind spirit and a special therapist . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , great massage and energy therapy services here ! anita t and m & b energetics provide a truly exceptional healing and relaxing experience . i have been receiving regular massages from anita for quite some time and her attention to detail and knowledge of the healing process has helped me and my body immensely . she offers great deals and is very reasonably priced given the absolute quality of her treatments . i highly recommend her and her services ! i can gladly say that she has provided me with the best massage experience i have ever had . she also is high skilled in various forms of energy work and reiki . enjoy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had the opportunity to work with various healers and massage therapists over the years and with anita , i can truly say there is something really unique and special about her approach . her touch is instantaneously healing and she is extremely gifted and intuitive . with every session , i can feel her clearing the energy blockages from my body and i always leave feeling at peace and illuminated . she is beautiful and soulful and it is reflected in her caring nature towards her clients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first reiki session @ mind & body energetics and it was truly an out of body experience . from the very start i was made to feel comfortable , relaxed , and at peace . it turned out to be a session where i found answers i was seeking and a peace within me . id like to thank anita for her professionalism , her energy , and especially her innate ability to assist in healing . i couldnt have asked for a better therapist , anita really is the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my very first reiki energy session with anita and it was a great experience ! ! her room is setup really nice , great aromatherapy scents , nice music , relaxing table to lay on , table warmer was perfect . just great ! ! anita has a very kind and gentle energy and i am going back next week for some bodywork and reiki !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anita is amazing ! the massage was one of the best of my life and she knows what she is doing . also , if the body is enjoying , with the positive vibes that anita can transmit you , your mind will be so full of energy and your heart full of love ! she is the most genuine and positive therapist ever !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where do i start ! i mean probably the most beautiful spa i 've ever been to . the man dong that was doing my feet was absolutely incredible ! i mean the nicest pedicurist was as sweet as can be ! champagne while i get my feet done ? what more could a girl ask for ! ! and that was just the pedicure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is def the place to go ! they have private coves where you and your group can have a little more privacy if wanted to . love the set up . several different colors to choose from and the staff are very welcoming and helpful with which service was best for me . must give this place a try ! you 'll love the atmosphere and the people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is very nice and clean and has a great atmosphere ! mindy did a great job on my pedicure and manicure ! definitely recommend going here for a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alright , i have to admit , this time and last time i went , the quality was n't to par as when it just opened . but i 'm still willing to give it another chance due to convenience , and healthier than fried chicken . got the completely wrong burrito today . someone elses . it was chicken instead of pork , black beans instead of brown , cheese ( instead of no cheese ) , corn ( instead of no corn ) ... . not only that , it was practically soggy and falling apart in my hands . i do not think it was wrapped properly nor , grilled enough . i 'll still come back , but they really need to step up their game a little .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok so i come to starbucks , say to myself i 'm starving maybe ill get a burrito from quesada . go on yelp check out the reviews , some good stuff , so yeah ill try it . y did i waste my money ... .. mexican my butt ... when did plain white rice with no flavour become mexican ? ? ? the staff was nice when they greeted me at the counter . i got the spicy chipotle chicken , oh wow the chicken sadly did not have any flavour , it was just hot.. big disappointment along with my plain white rice and hot tasteless chicken i got bean that overpowered my burrito , a lil and i mean lil cheese that i could n't even taste.. they were even cheap with the lettuce . overall i wished i stayed hungry and kept my $ 6.10", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was in the area for work and was tired of the usual harveys , swiss chalet , cara dominated restaurants in the area . so we tried quesada . i had the chicken burrito in a whole wheat wrap with rice and beans , and the usual toppings . it tasted fresh , a small burrito was quite substantial , it filled my tummy and i did n't feel groggy afterwards . i will definitely be back when i 'm in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "people who work there do not speak clearly and are confused . the meat was bland , they are extremely stingy with the toppings . i asked for corn and got 5 kernels , asked for more and got 3 more kernels , paid extra for guacamole and got barely a mouthful scraped onto the side of my takeout container , the cheese looked fake and nothing looked fresh . i rather go to chipotle and wait in line for a long time and pay $ 5 more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried to come here 3 times now . been closed every time ! even when the website says they 're open . wo n't be trying to come back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small portions , and stingy on the toppings . i would rather go to chipotle or burrito boyz across the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place . they do burritos right . i 've had burritos from fat bastard , burrito boyz , chipotle , and i have to say these are by far my favourite . you can actually taste how fresh all the ingredients are , which makes it that much better . i have n't tried any other items on their menu , but i usually get their spicy chicken burrito .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hired chem crete in august 2014 to remove and re-apply the concrete coating that had lasted 16 years on our patio . the work was done but they had to come back out twice to deal with the many drip marks and missed spots . after a year the coating began to de-laminate in 3 places . the owner came out and after much arguing agreed to honor the warranty and repair the spots but claimed it was from the concrete underneath decaying . this is not true . it appears they either did not prepare the surface correctly or they screwed up the sealing . now there are 8 more spots that are de-laminating . this time he came out and said he would do nothing even though it is still under warranty . we have now filed a complaint with the registrar of contractors . i have used many contractors for work on my house and i have never had one like bob comitz . his first reaction is to blame the customer and becomes defensive immediately . i would highly recommend that you not use this company", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i highly recommend chem crete ! to be honest , chem crete was not the first company i contacted , but they got my business because bob returns calls , shows up when promised or when weather is causing a delay , keeps me informed . after the work was done , i was concerned about some thin spots where the concrete underneath was showing through and when i told this to bob , there were no excuses or long delays in fixing this to my satisfaction ... so i give chem crete top marks for professionalism !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i been there many times and the food is simply amazing . the service is also very good and the staff super nice ! always a great experience ! the portions are very big and i often get a takeout box and then i have leftover for lunch the next day ! definitely worth trying !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best chicken in montr\u00e9al , i would recommend this place to anyone who would want to have good chicken in montr\u00e9al .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grosse d\u00e9ception . nous avons pris diff\u00e9rents combos . c'est gras , tr\u00e8s gras . j'aime encore mieux aller au coq au coin de la rue .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service rapide et courtois , portions tr\u00e8s g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses par rapport aux prix . leur sandwich au poulet ( marin\u00e9 et cuit sur charbon ) est vraiment divin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a portuguese chicken rotisserie , you know what you 're getting ! they have their home piri piri sauce , which i wish it had been a bit more piquant . the food is generally good , fresh , the place is often busy with people . i usually take my juicy bird to go , but the place has tables and it occasionally gets busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nondescript portuguese chicken . does the job . potatoes are a bit overcooked to the point of mushiness , most of what flavour is in the chicken comes from the eerily bright red sauce . i needed calories to bike across town ; it was indeed food and contained protein and carbohydrates . mission accomplished .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very gluten free friendly place . also peanut free . they were helpful with navigating the allergies . we went in because there was a huge line which is usually a great sign ! ( and it was ) . you can see all the chicken being cooked on the grill . you line up and order at the counter . rice , potatoes , salad with chicken . all really amazing . flan also gluten free for dessert . lots of food at a really great price . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "piripiri 's chicken is really finger licking good . their sauce is to die for and keeps me coming back on a regular basis . i highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , fast food . large portions and quick service . wish the sauce was a bit spicier but definitely worth the visit", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , great prices , nice people ... overall i liked the experience and would return . i only had one meal here so my comments are limited , but the churrasco chicken leg meal i had was delicious , simple , affordable , and the portion was good as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'aime bien piri piri , la nourriture est tr\u00e8s bonne et les prix sont tr\u00e8s comp\u00e9titifs . pour apporter ou mang\u00e9e sur le pouce , mais c'est trop tass\u00e9 pour les conversations .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "recently picked up a chicken meal to go . chicken was tasty , sauce was nice and spicy . only downside ... the fries . next time i 'm taking rice or potatoes . let others have the shoe leather .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kind of overrated . not nearly as good as coco rico or romados . the salad had dirt in it and the fries had far too much black pepper . there was a strange spiced orange colored glaze on the chicken that we did n't like", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bien mais fait une fausse promotion d'un rabais de 5 $ lors d'une vente trottoir sur tout le menu alors qu'il est \u00e9crit en tout petit que c'est sur les commande de 20 $ et plus . j'aimais bien , mais je n'y retournerai plus .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "plenty tasty food for the price . sauce could have been hotter , but that 's just my taste . food was very tasty , especially the chicken and the potatoes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'adore , j'ai amen\u00e9 plusieurs personnes \u00e0 cette endroit et tous on aim\u00e9 autant que moi . vraiment trop bon ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where do i start ? the standing room only waiting room with a 45 min wait ? the fact the pa never touched my daughters skin . the pa then telling my 13 year old daughter it is ok to re apply makeup ( mineral ) after school before dance ( without washing ) . the prescriptions handed out with coupons that my insurance does n't cover and without insurance would cost $ 400 . then , after the horrible office experience , i called about the prescriptions to see if there was another options , left two messages no returned calls . skip this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have never had a bad experience with the doctors but i give the customer service and the organization of the support staff ( medical assistants and scheduling ) an `` f '' . my last appointment with the pa was mediocre . she was n't over the top friendly or interested in what i had to say . i should have known this attitude would carry over as my medication has yielded less than desirable results . i 've left 3 voice mails with the pa 's medical assistant to get a dosage change on my medication and not one call has been returned . they do n't seem to value the needs of their patients enough to respond to voice mails over 2 week old . it 's a shame i 'm viewed as unimportant . once they reel their patients in for an appointment , they 're done with them . as a medical provider myself , i would never treat a patient the way i have been treated there and do n't plan to return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. rubenzik is great . nice , thorough and charming . her assistant danielle was fantastic as well . funny , intelligent and sassy . ca n't ask for much more at a dermatologist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in for a consultation and had a great experience . dulce , the medical assistant , and dr rubenzik made me feel comfortable and took great care of concerns . i would recommend this office to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time at this office and katherine and dijana were excellent at walking me through the entire process . i have anxiety and they did a great job keeping me calm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw dr randi rubenzik for a skin screening . very professional , gentle and caring ! highly recommend . my only negative experience was with the front desk ... they appeared very annoyed and chaotic ! it made me anxious . i was happy to get called back for my appointment and wait in a calmer atmosphere . hopefully it was just a bad day for them and not the norm !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. rubenzik is pathologically unable to be on time . dr. tosani is the nicest , best surgeon i have ever encountered . ca n't speak for the others in this practice . it is a very pleasant facility with professional front desk guardians and assistants . i would give them five stars if not for the tedious waiting times .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i can not say enough about spectrum dermatology ! everyone who works there is incredibly nice , patient , professional and always helpful . the physicians are top notch and never rush you through an exam . they take the time to carefully understand your concerns and to reply to each of them . i have personally seen dr. rubenzik and dr. kim and both are truly the best . i trust them completely . my kids have also seen dr. rubenzik and she is professional and kind and great with the kids . we were in yesterday and danielle , one of the nurses , was fantastic and so helpful and provided us with great samples for us to try for a skin condition . i highly recommend this practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to dr. kim because she was under my insurance policy , close to my work and office , and had great reviews on yelp . i was also able to make an appointment with her during my lunch time so i would n't have to be away from work a week ahead of time . i 've tried making appointments else where before and the wait to see the actual doctor can be months . my appointment was right on time , love when that happens . her assistant was really nice and helpful and so was dr. kim . she helped to prescribe and recommend a few products and tried to give me the generic option when possible which is great . i also appreciated that she did n't try to sell me on other products or give me anything that was unnecessary . i will definitely be going back to dr. kim in the future for all my dermatology needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spectrum dermatology is professional , clean , and their staff is top-notch . dr. randi rubenzik and her assistant danielle are very thorough and personable . they will take the time to address any concerns or issues , and will recommend services as needed . one of the aestheticians , bernadette boyle , is incredible sweet and truly cares about her clients and their needs . with their wide array of services and superior staff , you ca n't go wrong with spectrum dermatology .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not happy . changed dermatologists , asked that all records be transferred . much room for improvement in the services rendered .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place , and treasure dr. kim . she 's thorough , answers all of my questions , and is incredibly personable . she 's also very conservative and knows when something looks suspicious and when it does n't - i trust her judgement completely ! the entire staff is professional , courteous , and one of the best healthcare providers i 've dealt with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw dr. layton for initial consultation and she was very helpful and knowledgeable . would highly recommend to future patients !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately i have had a couple of spots where i needed moh 's surgery and i will never go anywhere else for my dermatology needs . the staff is very personable , from the front office to the nurses to the doctors ! under the circumstances , due to my services , they each could have been awful experiences , however , because of the staff i blissfully made it through !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so pleased with this office the staff , and they offer pdt in their clinic which my insurance covers . i was so happy to get my ak 's treated with pdt and their blu-u . highly recommend them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wait time was minimal and staff was very pleasant . i have been going to dr kim for 3 years and have been very pleased . she is very professional and knowledgable . i would highly recommend her if you 're looking for a good dermatologist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i 'd give spectrum dermatology one more try , with dr thosani instead of dr. kim . i realize it does n't matter who you get - it 's how the practice is run . i made an appointment to have a skin check and to look at a suspicious spot on my chest and a spot on my nose . they looked at the spots but did n't do the skin check assessment because the scheduler did n't book it that way . translation : i have to go in again , pay another co-pay , and they bill another visit . sad that it 's all about the money . i went through this with them previously during an appointment requiring a biopsy and treatment for actinic keratosis . they could n't take care of all the spots ( which probably would have required an extra minute of time ) in that visit because insurance does n't pay any extra once you go beyond a certain limit . crazy that clinics like this do n't put the patient and their needs first .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a patient of spectrum dermatology for years . i have used several of the providers and each one has been knowlegable and helpful . their approach is to listen first and to educate you . recently i took both my teens for acne and they are thrilled with the results . my teens especially appreciated the assistance of danielle before and after the appointment with the physician assistant . i recommend spectrum for your dermatology needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the office is very efficient and appointments are always on time . dr. kim and her staff are very professional , personable and thorough . i would never consider seeing anyone else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on august 3rd i had an appointment with dr rubenzik . she was assisted by medical assistant dulce . both were extremely professional and polite . dr rubenzik was very thorough and her bedside manner is excellent . i strongly recommend their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have taken my wife to dr. kim for a few of her appointments . she is without a doubt the best at what she does . excellent bedside manner , very professional but yet so down to earth to make you so at ease . i will make my next checkup with her . i 'm so impressed with results of my wife 's surgeries with dr. kim . thanks so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had a large cyst removed from my back by spectrum dermatology . the staff was friendly and accommodating , the doctor and her assistant even better during this minor surgery . the whole process was fast and painless . i have been to this group before and highly recommend dr. kim , who is very professional yet kind , knowledgeable and informative . i have been to several other dermatology groups in this area and this one is the very best ! if you are looking for a doctor with a good bedside manor , dr. kim is your person . susan m .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i should have read all the reviews before making an appointment . it seems the wait time after your scheduled appointment is at least 40 minutes ( based on my two appointments ) . you can not get anyone on the phone and when you leave a message every message says you will be called in 24 hours . last appointment i waited almost an hour for less than 5 minutes with doctor was told the assistant would call in a prescription for a wound i had that was n't healing . nothing was done . i made a few calls and left another message and exasperated with no response drove over and picked up the prescription in paper form and asked for the biopsy results . their system said i had been called and i was not . i wo n't be going back and sent a letter to the doctor who owns the facility as well .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr kim and her staff are outstanding . i think dr. kim is one of the best dermatologists in the valley . very well trained , experienced and highly skilled . i arrived at the office early and was seen within 5 minutes of my arrival ! wow . all my questions were answered and a biopsy was done to diagnose a patch of irregular skin . i also scheduled another pdt while i was there . they take there time , listen well and are genuinely interested in you as a person . i have seen both dr kim and dr jeffy and have had excellent experiences with both of them . my wife is in healthcare and this practice was highly recommended by physicians she knows . i highly recommend this practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my first appointment with randi rubenzik . she and her assistant danielle were extremely thorough and professional ! the office staff are very efficient and personable . the office is beautiful and easy to get to . i was very happy with my experience and will be making appointments for my children as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "memento mori is a very cool public art exhibit tucked away in an alley in pittsburgh 's cultural district . the artist , mary m. mazziotti , explores a time honored tradition ( memento mori translates to `` remember your mortality '' ) , which dates back to ancient rome , and was especially popular in the middle ages ) . the artist uses the contemporary format of the billboard and cartoons to playfully deal with the subject of death and the fragility of life . sponsored by the cultural trust , you will find this series of billboards in the same little side street as cell phone disco , the provocative interactive art piece that is rather well promoted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sadly this artwork display is something many locals take for granted . i 've to say at times i 'm one of those people . quite literally pass by on a daily basis and honestly we 're quite lucky to have it . our cultural district boasts some amazing art and this is right up there . next time you 're walking by , take a minute to enjoy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool artwork located across the street from the water cube , and directly behind the old stanley theater ( now the benedum ) . there are several framed pieces to read , one that is more of a painting , and one is a big electronic mirror-type thing called `` cell phone disco . '' cool stuff ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with holly ferreira at wardley real estate was amazing . she was my agent for purchasing my second home . she is very personable and easy to work with . she communicates promptly , and is great at listening to client needs . she is transparent and honest ! not always the case here in las vegas . holly also excels at dealing with difficult transactions . the sellers real estate agent was extremely slimy , not communicating , and tried to break several deals throughout the contract , did not order hoa resale package..i can go on . holly was patient and kept her cool through what was a frustrating process . she did n't pass any of the additional stress onto me which i really appreciated as buying a home can be stressful as it is already . did i mention she found the perfect house for me too ? i highly recommend holly for any real estate transaction .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unprofessional at best . mangers was rude . this place is the king of unprofessionalism", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had the best experience with cynthia hanna she was a delight to work with . very prompt , and on top of everything ! i literally did n't have to put any effort into finding a unit to rent . great personality , you can definitely count on cynthia to get the job done and quickly ! ! shes a no nonsense type of woman ! ! thank you cynthia for finding us our dream condo ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a home from wardley real estate , and listed a home with them . i called l.j . wardley the broker about mistakes and problems with the listing on the house . he wo n't return my calls .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i thought it was annoying how after my listing expired on my house that the wife and i got phone call after phone call from real estate agents wanting to `` help '' us . well , i guess we can add 'creepy . ' to that list now . we found a `` report '' on our front door step from jack `` fuzzy '' daigle about the property that we had listed before . first off , would i let someone calling themselves `` fuzzy '' sell my house ? sell me a bag of weed ? sure . wash my car ? maybe . sell my house ? no . secondly , the report had my wife 's full name listed on it in a large font , and just left in front of the house . thanks , we would love to give out my wife 's full name to everyone who walks up to the door . hell , that 's how we answer the door . we just open up the door and blurt out our full names . why the hell not ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i felt welcomed like family when i walked into the brokerage . warm & friendly staff . a group of multicultural , diversified agents making things happen each introduced themselves to me.. appeared to be quite a seamless operation working hand-in-hand for everyone 's success !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out ... standing ! top notch customer service , great prices and they go above and beyond to fit you with the perfect shoe . as soon as i walked in i was greeted . they asked me a few questions then put me on the treadmill to video my stride and strike . after some analysis and explanation as to what me feet were doing on the strike i was showed several options . i selected my new shoes and it was back to the treadmill again to make sure i had the right fit . i just moved from california so i told them i was excited to find some new trails . they actually took the time to show me the best spots . wow ... all this with great prices ? ! customer for life guys . keep up the great work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great , full-service running store . i came into town for a week and joined sole sports ' thursday night group run . the store offers everything you could want or need for running . it even has showers . the staff is amazingly helpful and friendly , particularly emmett . i look forward to coming back to scottsdale for more runs and events with sole sports .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "katie provided amazing consultation regarding my running style and shoes that would best match that style . i 'll be back whenever i 'm in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great little store . little in square footage , and well hidden away , but i love it ! helpful staff who knows their stuff ; really friendly and knowledgebale and were really committed to finding just the right shoe for my running gait and budget . i never felt like i was being sold or having anything pushed on me . i 've only been running for a little over a year , but i do my best to send everyone i know here . i am totally impressed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to find trail hiking running shoes . sole sports had a great selection . salesperson was very patient , extremely knowledgeable and genuinely wanted us to get the right pair of shoes for our needs . we will definitely be back and highly recommend that you check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bottomline : the staff of this small business know their products much more than any big chain competition . and they do n't work on commission .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great running store ! anyplace with a treadmill to see how you run in the sneakers is a place i consider the right place to buy running shoes . they have all the top brands and also know how to fit you properly for shoes . really really nice and knowledgeable staff . they have free group runs i 'm excited to check out . great running shoe shop ! i do not think you should go anywhere else in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love local small businesses such as this one because they give you the one on one attention you need in order to make an informed decision . i went here for some new running kicks not knowing much about anything . they put me on the treadmill and analyzed my step which allowed them to pick the best running shoe for me . it 's this one on one attention that makes local businesses better than any national chain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a staunch advocate of supporting local business . so when i needed new running shoes i did n't hop onto zappos , but rather i went to sole sports because i wanted to tap into the wealth of expertise that the sales associates contain . with their help , along with a treadmill analysis , i was able to find a better fitting pair of shoes that have helped me comfortably run longer distances that i had been able to do for many years . if you 're like me and you 're not sure if your current pair of running shoes is the best option for you , sole sports is definitely one of the paramount retailers to go to . they 'll let you run around in the shoes before buying them . i can hardly imagine foot locker doing that . and i surely do n't see how zappos could execute a treadmill analysis to determine which shoes may be best for your running style .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "support this local business . the young lady was very helpful and informative . she was not pushy and gave me a lot of assistance in finding the perfect shoe that corrected my stride . i was analyzed at another running store in florida , and they never caught that i was overpronating ( sp ) . the prices on the brooks shoes were comparable . i mean , there 's no way that brand will run cheap ( no pun intended ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service here ! i am extremely picky , and jeremy brought me no less than 15 pairs of shoes to try on in the midst of a rush of other customers . he and the other staff member on hand ( i did n't catch his name ) were super friendly and helpful the entire time . i will be returning for any other running needs i have !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! the staff is very knowledgeable which make sole sports incomparable to the mass media stores , yet the $ $ $ is the same . my only recommendation would be to show all colors of every shoe that you have in stock . i did not know that they had nike free 's in blue in the back , and the only pair out on display was a boring grey color -- -i almost did n't make a purchase because of this ... .so ask if you are looking for a specific color that is online somewhere ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a new pair of shoes for my race coming up . the associates were more than helpful . very pleasant store to shop at . jeremy helped me pick a pair of shoes that have been treating me very well so far . would shop here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best experience ever shopping for running shoes ! the staff were extremely helpful , knowledgeable and friendly . they spent their time offering options and answering questions . the store was a bit difficult to find , but definitely worth seeking out . i highly recommend sole sports !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend and i drove down from prescott yesterday and were wowed by the customer service at sole sports . they did n't just bring us shoe sizes based on what we thought looked good but they analyzed our gait pattern and really helped us find the best shoes for our feet . jeremy was very fun and patient . i 'd recommend this store for not only your shoes but they 've got some great accessories as well ! i 'm going to drive down here for shoes from now on and as a physical therapist , i 'm sending my clients here for the best customer service and quality ! thanks you guys for a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service is excellent ! ! ! you can go into any sports store and they will sell you a pair of running shoes . at sole sports running zone they find a shoe that fits your foot and make sure you are very happy with fit and comfort of shoe . i was greeted by melissa and she put me on there thermal foot measurement . then we went over to the treadmill and walked to check the flight path of my foot . she then brought out at least 8 pairs of shoes and we did comparison with each shoe . after about 45 minutes i found a shoe that fit excellent and the comfort was over the top . i have had shin splints , stenosis of the spine , and hip challenges . the shoes melissa sold me have made me enjoy exercising again ! ! ! thank you for a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in scottsdale on a business trip and i was looking for some light weight , compact shoes to take on trips , still bring my work tools and still work out . i went to the store try some vibram shoes , not really intending to buy a pair . when i entered the store , i was immediately greeted by the staff . ephraim ( sp ) and jeremy answered all my questions , showed me multiple pairs and helped me get the right size . after i tried on multiple styles and sizes , i found a great pair . i asked jeremy a few more questions , he provided me with answers and his opinions as well i decided to buy a pair . if you are a part-time runner , hard-core or just looking for minimalist shoes to take with you on business trips ( like i was ) , you will not regret stopping by this fantastic store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need new running shoes , you need to come here . i got 45 minutes of one on one consultation , tons of great advice , no pressure to buy.. ended up with shoes i 'm confident are perfect for me , and if for some reason they are n't , they have a 30 day return policy . i wo n't buy running shoes anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sole sports not only specializes in running shoes ; they specialize in exemplary customer service ! the knowledge they possess and the attention given to me in finding and fitting me with the best running shoes to fit my needs and desires is bar none . i will most definitely be back to shop here . i highly recommended that anyone in need of running shoes , whether it 's your first time purchasing a shoe or you 're an experienced runner ; this is the place to visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a hole in one ! great selection and they make sure you feel comfortable in what your purchasing and knowing it 's the right fit ! great team and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by to check out cross training shoes on a whim that they might have something for my special needs . the gentleman that helped me was very knowledgable and absolutely no high pressure sales technique . he simply provided information , i tried on several different types of shoes , and ultimately was able to make an informed decision . with a 30 day exchange policy , even if worn , i 'm confident i 'll end up with a pair of shoes that will work for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "local : check . knowledgeable : check . friendly : check . this is my go-to running store . super friendly , knowledgeable staff who makes recommendations with your budget in mind . if you are unhappy with your running shoes , bring them back and they will help you get into something that makes your feet happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrific sales people who are truly there to help the customer . my # 1 store for running gear .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another good yelp choice ! sold us a fabulous pair of hoka athletic footwear that provided much needed support and comfort for hubby . after a week of wearing them , he said they were the best pair of shoes he has ever had . btw , they let you buy , try them for 30 days and if you do n't like them you can return them for a store credit ( i believe it is a credit but check with them ) . service was attentive and helpful . certainly worth a return visit when i need a good pair of athletic shoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best running store i 've ever been too . jeremy was extremely knowledgeable and i have had nothing but great results from the new shoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a customer of sole sports ( and its predecessor , scottsdale running company ) since 2005 . i was brand new to running back then , and had no idea what kind of shoe i needed . i met lance the first night i went to the store and he was very knowledgeable and helpful . not only is the store great , but they do a fantastic job at building a running community . emmet deserves a lot of credit for this . i 've done a lot of group runs over the past nine years and have a lot of good memories . i 've been to the store a lot during the past nine years . i 've seen lance , emmet , and the rest of the staff interact with customers too many times to count . they treat both their long-time customers ( like me now ) and first-time customers ( like me in 2005 ) the same . they 're honest , friendly , and very knowledgeable . i highly recommend sole sports .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my absolute favorite sport store , i wo n't purchase from anywhere else again . super friendly staff , and love that they contribute to the health of the community and runners .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection and extremely helpful . i 'm visiting scottsdale on a business trip and left my running shoes at home . jeremy must have spent an hour with me and we must have tried on a dozen pair to find the just right shoe . then he helped me find some running routes so i did n't do another out and back on along the canal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my parents and i were in desperate need of some new running shoes and wanted to go somewhere other than road runner sports . we went to road runner sports once and vowed to never go back , the service was just too pushy and more sales oriented than helpful if anything ... i wanted to buy a pair of shoes , not a car ! after some 'yelping ' we found sole sports and figured we 'd give it a shot ... needless to say we were not let down ! the gentleman who helped us ( forgot to grab his name ) was young but incredibly knowledgable ! we told him our issues and he gave us solutions to our problems , not options for payment plans and memberships that will discount us on x amount of sales ! ! long story short , if you love to run and need a pair of shoes that will allow you to keep pursuing that passion go to sole sports ! they have made lifelong customers out of me and my family and we promise to never shop elsewhere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best customer service you will get when it comes to purchasing shoes , no question . informative , patient , thorough , and friendly . it started with them having me get on the treadmill to analyze my gait . after it was all said and done , i ended up trying out at least 5 or 6 different pairs of shoes . i got to try each shoe on the treadmill to see exactly how well it fit and felt . after going on my first run with them today , no doubt got the right pair . believe the yelp hype !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shoe shopping experience i have ever had ! emmett was fantastic , he spent 35 minutes with me , evaluating my running stride on the treadmill , bringing out different shoes , and explaining exactly what kind of shoe i need and why . the people here are friendly and helpful , and as a bonus , they love dogs ! never shopping anywhere else for running supplies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the real deal . after sustaining new blisters in the same model of shoe i had been wearing for the last three years , my coach suggested that i get re-fitted and highly recommended sole sports . emmett spent over an hour with me evaluating the best running shoe to address my stability needs and the issues i was having with my old shoes . he was a wealth of knowledge on running mechanics , from efficiency factors to foot strike , and gave me a lot of good information and pointers . i have never experienced this level of expertise and enthusiasm at any other running store . i was excited to take my new shoes out for a run and they did not disappoint - enough stability , quieter , and no blisters at all . i am definitely a customer for life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is friendly and extremely knowledgeable . i always enjoy my time in their store . katie and jeremy helped me find the perfect pair of trail shoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "back in february of this year , i was guided by a friend of mine to check out ssrz . we went to the scottsdale location and met mikeala . mikeala was beyond terrific - totally knowledgeable , and totally in sync with my needs , as i amateurishly explained them ! ! i purchased 2 pairs of running shoes that day - hoka one one 's and brooks ravenna 8 's . both are fabulous and truly mikeala made it all happen . i 'm so pleased with my purchases ! ! i 've sent a number of my friends and acquaintances to this location , knowing they would get first class treatment with first class equipment ! ! thank you , mikeala and ssrz . wishing you continued success . will see you again within this year ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst service ever ! ! ! ! ! i waited for 5 minutes before someone asked me if i need help . then the guy who was helping me disappeared and never came back ! the same thing happened to my husband . he asked for a different size and the guy left to service another costume at a different station and never returned . when i went to check out i told the guy my husband was waiting on him and he did n't even seem to care . so not returning", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've gotten my running shoes here for the past 6 years . i wo n't shop anywhere else . the staff is always friendly and super helpful . they want you to have the best product . i never feel like anyone is trying to sell me anything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the new store ! ... my wife and i met at their previous scottsdale location six years ago thanks to their fun and supportive running group . the staff and mgmt are great . emmet is the best ! and jeremy is helpful and extremely knowledgable about shoes , running , and taking care of the little aches and pains that we runners feel to often . get professionally fitted here for your next pair of shoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan spent well over an hour w me , analyzing my step and arch to make sure that i purchased the shoe that would be most comfortable for me as i stand all day at work . i purchased two pairs that day as well as some arch supports and it has already made a huge difference . i am now a customer for life , will never buy another pair of shoes anywhere else . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely the place to go to buy your running shoes ! thank you mike for your great product knowledge !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is ranked nationally , not solely ( haha , see what i did there ? ! ) because of their wide breadth of knowledge , but the community they 've built here in town . hats off to the owners and management team . also , i have literally never met a sales person as knowledgeable , and helpful as jeremy at the scottsdale location , from hydration , to recovery , training plans watches , he is amazing . thanks guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i selected sole sports running zone to purchase running shoes based on other positive reviews for the store . i was pleasantly surprised by the excellent service i received from melissa from the scottsdale location . she helped me try on about eight different shoes until i found the perfect pair . she is both knowledgeable and pleasant to work with . i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeremy is very helpful . professional and very personal service . highly recommended . i 'll shop again if i 'm in scottsdale again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love sole sports ! been a long time customer for years ! nick was super helpful with my running shies today and jeremy with my sock selection . emmet runs a great club group in saturdays ! danielle wurth of wurth organizing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved to the valley from chicago and i needed a new pair and only wanted to buy from an independent store . i simply came here because it was close and had great reviews . after a great consultative experience with mike i not only have a great new pair to help mitigate my tendinitis , but i 'll be a regular here from now on . we all now that with running shoes you need perfect the fit- i found it here . groups runs and ragnar zion here i come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just finished my first half marathon on cheap running shoes and needed real running shoes . went it today and was offered exceptional service as they watched me run on the treadmill to see what type of shoe i needed . they brought out 6 pairs of shoes and spent plenty of time explaining what i should be looking for in a shoe . i was able to test them outside running and see which ones were the best fit . they were all great and i would go back in the future for other running items and maybe even join their group runs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to spot for running shoes . they do n't mess around here . awesome team that works here . super friendly , and know their running and their equipment . you can jump on the treadmill and get a proper fit for your shoes . highly recommend this place for running shoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "katie was so helpful and very patient while i tried on shoe after shoe looking for one that could accommodate my wide feet and flat arches without pain while i run . i 'm from out of town but if i 'm ever in the area again i 'll definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great running store ; very friendly and helpful . i walked in on saturday and brooks was hosting a carnival-style event there with a double-decker bus . i had my running form assessed on video and was given personal attention ( despite the crowds ) to find my perfect fit . the store is also a good size : large enough to be well-stocked , but not so big that you get lost and confused . i will definitely be back here for all future running needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to running shoes and they were so helpful ! walked me through the whole process and helped me pick out the best shoes for looks and for health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the only running store i will buy my running shoes from . 30 day return policy allowed me to 'get it right ' before my marathon training ramped up . thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a great running analysis today and found the perfect shoe for me . recommended to anyone looking for a good running shoe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extraordinary service . after searching the valley high and low for a specific size and color of brooks to no avail , guess who had them ? yep . these guys . super friendly staff . knowledgeable . polite . interested in me . glad i ended up here . will look no further for running needs moving forward . shop here . you 'll run happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at sole sports is the best . they actually listen to you and will spend time with you to ensure you are in the best shoes possible . even if it means bringing you 12 pairs of shoes . their selection is great and if they do n't have a size you need or the color you want in your shoe , they 'll check with their other stores and have it delivered to the closest store for you to pick up . they are also big supporters of the leukemia and lymphoman 's team in training and other charitable organizations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . they were very friendly , analyzed my gait , and had me try on a million different shoes to find the perfect ones . extremely knowledgeable employees . no pressure to purchase and encouraged me to join them for group runs . would recommend them to anyone looking for the right pair of shoes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welp ! i lost my elite badge but i guess that 's what happens when life stops . well . life stopped because i am having a baby ! now while i hate annoying people with all the joys of expecting , i have to give props to this store . it was the only place i could find the ginger suckers when i was suffering from morning sickness . they have a lot of awesome stuff there though . i plan on getting my cloth diaper sprayer there , some cloth diapers , creams and butters ( ca n't tell you what parts those go on ; ) ) if you are looking for a eco friendly baby place for infant-kid needs this is your place . the staff ( mom and daughter ) are extremely nice and informative !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , i 'm the first to review ? seems impossible . what is striking about this business is how much the owners care about each of their customers . one of the owners delivered 3 breastpumps on christmas day ! who else would do that ? ! they have a lot of cute organic onesies and kate quinn sheets ( really lovely ) and really good quality products that are perfect for shower gifts . they also have a great selection of cloth diapers and nursing aids . they only have a few co-sleepers , cribs , etc , but you can tell that they are selective about what they carry ( in a non-snobby way ) and just want to offer the best for you and your child . you can go in here and spend just a little money , but i think it would be easy to get carried away too . not sure if they have a registry , but they should . it would be the perfect place to register . go there ! it 's worth the trip across town if you 're expecting or already have a little one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am currently renting a hospital grade medela breast pump from healthy baby happy earth and have since march of 2014 . i was contacted by the company , via email , on september 5 to renew my rental or return the pump . i renewed the rental for three months at a cost of $ 170.81 . on sunday , september 28 , the pump died . it will not function and reads error on the screen . i researched the issue and the pump needs to be returned to the manufacturer for refurbishing . i have sent 4 emails to healthyhappybaby @ aol.com and left 6 messages at 623-847-0590 . i have not been contacted . this is hugely affecting my milk production . i exclusively pump and need the hospital grade pump to keep production up . do not use this company . i am so upset that their refusal to return my messages or deal with this problem is affecting my child ! again do not use this company", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great place for parents seeking natural options for their baby . the service is amazing and they really know their product lines inside and out . my wife and i loved coming here during our pregnancy and after braxton was born . we highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am loving this place ! both the owner and her mother have been very sweet and helpful . surprisingly , they have both talked me out of buying things that i thought i was interested in only to encourage me to get something that was more suitable to my need regardless of the cost . this has become my go-to local independent shop for new baby gear . it would be great if they opened a resale shop too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "anthony rose is doing something different ( again ) . this time he turned an oddly shaped edifice ( was once a pretty good sushi spot , then a weird moon themed place that nobody went to called nite caps ) . here we have a brilliantly decorated french inspired bistro snack spot . sorta a french-bar isabel . 100 seat space opening in the back should inject some youth into this place , still searching for a demographic identity . lots of fancy older people enjoying fine meals inside . big patio space in front . the back space is mostly gravel , picnic tables ( bocce ball area and bean bag throwing game incoming ) . excited . food : fois gras dish ( not too salty ) and mushroom duxelle dish are both phenomenal . lots of flavours . both served w or on nice bread . i 'll be back . dupont represent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here with some colleagues for some cocktails and bites . the interior design is lovely and the location is great , across the street from dupont station . fancy cocktails are n't really my thing , i 'd rather a glass of wine or a beer but i did enjoy my gin cocktail `` the sun also rises '' . we shared the salt cod croquettes which were tasty , like a crab cake , but i did n't find there was enough cod flavour it was a bit potato-y . we also had some tasty olives , bread , and a cheese that i ca n't remember but was served with honey and baguette . all in all a nice spot but not my cup of wine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a fun and fresh interpretation on delicious french countryside snacks . cocktails are given some thought as others have noted and the dishes are rich and interesting accompaniments , and also quite visually inspiring at times - bonjour , le grand aioli ! it 's been open for a few months , but bb still feels like a place that you 'd have to know about as it 's not immediately obvious from the outside how to enter and what exactly this space is used for . ( although , with that being said , it may be a bit unusual for a serious torontonain to be unfamiliar with anthony rose 's spots at this point i would think ) anyhow , they should probably work on the step situation ... perhaps i 'm already a senior-in-training but i managed to trip on the way in and on the way out . now that 's talent !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "both the interior and patio looked very nice and inviting . the food was pretty good , but would not say it was amazing . prices are fairly reasonable . the steak tartare came with fresh made chips and was pretty tasty . the escargot beignets were decent , but not a stand out . the best dish of the night was the cornish hen . it was moist and the sauce was delicious . service is awkward and a bit slow . i ordered a ginger ale and they asked if we wanted a straw and ice . when the drink came , they waiter repeated `` ginger ale with a straw , no ice '' . we asked for the bill and they waiter forgot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "french food and french attitude . another customer service fail at a place with such great potential . a large front patio with an outdoor space in the back and a tasteful high quality menu with a great looking bar . our server was rude all the way up until it came time to collect her tip . typical at all of the rose & sons related venues . good food , bad people . i would come back to enjoy the patio but my expectations for quality service are nonexistent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a great little spot with a french cuisine inspired menu ! mixed drinks are a little pricey but nice sized . the hors d'oeuvres are well portioned and very well executed . transition to a salad before the mains - the duck confit slightly out flavours the flat iron steak . ( barely ! ) deserts such as the apple tarte tatin and the beignets are great choices . service is very friendly and the only down side is it 's rammed with people and loud ! they have great music playing too . lol weird thing to report on , but it matters ! i 'll be back sometime soon to try more of the menu . many pics posted for your yelpucation . anthony rose has done it again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great new place . they have captured the essence of a french bistro . tapas style servings with great cocktails . likely to be a hot spot in the city", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a casual dinner with friends ! tables and portion sizes are small as you can tell from the $ 7 price tag on most items . we got 6 plates between 3 people for dinner . order one of the signature cocktails , they are so creative and well presented ! lost a star because i showed up before my friends and the host awkwardly asked how long they would be because he wanted the table back for other guests . rude as there was n't even a line , just one other group waiting !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "here 's a great little rule to live by : if you spend $ 100.00 at a restaurant and you leave hungry , you should never go back . exorbitant prices for tiny morsels of food ? c'est fou .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "friday night with my bestie at this inspiring place . they have delicious salt spring bc mussels served with bread . what a wonderful plump and briny treat ! i made the mistake of overordering as i also got the pomme dauphine and frites . the dauphine was inspired little potato croquettes with anchovies and bird chilis and the frites where textbook perfect . it was a carb loading evening . but what is more apropos with my dear bestie after a long week ! service was friendly and they were very accommodating . delightful to look forward to come back here when the patio can be taken advantage of !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here after an underwhelming dinner - friendly staff and great snacks . interesting cocktails . the manhattan on tap was n't my fav but a cool concept none the less", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved it ! the food was really delicious ( great for sharing ! ) and the service was really great ( super friendly and knowledgeable staff ) . the prices were not cheap but to be expected for the quality of food they serve . i would definitely recommend it and will be be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a local and a huge fan of rose and sons , i was looking forward to the opening of a bar on the dupont strip . while the food is great , the service has been consistently poor . we probably wo n't go back . would recommend anthony reevaluate the culture and try to recreate the level of service found at his other restaurants .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a really nice addition to anthony rose 's empire , with a french-inspired menu . the ingredients were really good quality and prepared well . i really enjoyed most of the starters ( sardine tartine , steak tartare and raw trout were all really well flavoured ) , though the cauliflower was a bit disappointing . i shared the duck confit , which was good but got a bit less interesting after a while- definitely a good sharing option , probably not a great choice if you 're having it on your own . i also shared the steak frites , which was well seasoned but not anything special . the portions were a decent size generally . the prices are a bit high , but that 's to be expected for a french restaurant in the annex that makes good food . the drinks selection was good , and the prices are pretty standard . the servers were friendly and helpful , though they were quite busy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the grand aioli and steelhead trout , among a handful of other dishes . pretty underwhelming flavour wise , and given that you are looking at small bite size portions , just way over priced . happy to pay a premium when the flavour is like bar raval , but bar raval this is not . that being said , the folks were nice . a little frustrating you ca n't put your name down for a wait list - maybe text me ? call me ? we have these wonderful cellphone things ... let 's use them ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very charming place with a very cool vibe . it has a nice front patio . note that the patio closes at 1130 due to local noise bylaws . they make great cocktails . however as a vegetarian there is literally nothing that i would eat at this place . they do have fries but i am very tired of fries . if there is a vegetarian in your group i do not recommend this place for food . drinks only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really great spot for a night out if you 're in the area . appetizers were all delicious , ingredients were fresh . prices are a bit high , but that 's to be expected in the annex . highlights being the raw steelhead trout , which had a nice variation of flavours and textures . the sardine tartine was also a surprise winner , a little bit fishy but mixed well with the fresh herbs and chili on top and random bursts of saltiness . the mains were good but not that memorable , i had the steak frites - the fries were good and steak was well seasoned and cooked medium rare .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here over the weekend and ordered the below items 1 . gougeres - alright 2 . steelhead trout - it looks really good but it was way too salty 3 . duck confit - the duck was juicy but i did n't like the sauce on the white beans and the escarole . it overpowered the duck . 4 . foie gras & liver parfait - the patee was good but they skimped out on the brioche 5 . sardiness - alright ... the service was attentive and quick . i do n't think i need to come back but interesting flavours overall . p.s . i think they need a new dishwasher , every plate i used had some left over crust .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place it great , wonderful menu ( food and cocktails ) and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steak tartar and root celery and apple were very good . nice happy hours pricing . great atmosphere and music . unique gin and tonics . great to try . lots of pommes frites to help with that pending overhang .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overall experience : 9 10 food : 8 10 atmosphere : 8.5 10 service : 8 10 the friendly happy face greets you outside and the cozy , dark atmosphere keeps you feeling good once you walk in the door . sure to be an annex staple , the place is buzzing , so there is no doubt that bar begonia has got the vibe part down . food is shared . my party of four had a number of dishes from each portion of the menu . whitefish bouillabaisse is delightful , as was the duxelles tartine . gougeres , which i had seen photos of , disappointed me by being cold and underwhelming . new brunswick oysters were being served , which were delish ! cocktails are definitely part of the schtick here . they have negronis on tap ! i also tried the sun also rises ( think gin , grenadine , sparkling wine ) which was citrus-y and refreshing . the bottom line : food 's good but can be underwhelming , but the place makes up for it in atmosphere and a feel-good vibe .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "underwhelming . i did n't find the food spectacular , just okay , nothing special . the steak tartar was bland and unmemorable . foie gras was good but not anything different or special . the tartines were good but once again not memorable . the one thing that bothered me was that the menu just had names in french with no description . i 'm not 100 % bilingual but i can get by with my french , and even after translation you still could n't really figure out what it was . for example , `` le grand aioli '' which translates to `` the big aioli '' . what exactly does that tell me about the item ? when asked , it 's an antipasto plate ... how does `` le grand aioli '' let me know that ? a little pretentious . food was okay , but i would rather go elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had a grand ol ' time at this french bistro cocktail bar ... the drinks , atmosphere and food were all on point . we sat at the bar and greatly enjoyed the experience . the following yummies were consumed : french onion soup - very tasty ... it was smaller and less overpowered by cheese bread than onion soups tend to be . sometimes an onion soup is like a meal in itself but this was nicely balanced . chicken liver & foie gras parfait - a fantastic pate that was even better on their homemade potato chips ( which we ordered for $ 2 extra when we ran out of crostini ) flat iron steak with mushrooms and cream sauce - something about the combination of steak with mushrooms cream is just irresistibly good frites with aioili - hot and crispy ... just excellent all in all , this is a great addition to the dupont strip !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is on point and ambiance is great . i 'd give 5 stars if it was n't for the tight space . if you have an opportunity to expand current space , please do ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for lunch as i 've been eyeing this place for months . food was great , but service was awful . it was our first time there so we needed some guidance on the menu . i mentioned this to the server , but she offered no help at all . it was n't even busy . we ordered 4 dishes and after we finished 2 , she thought we were done and asked if we wanted anything else . we had to remind her that we still had more to come . those are not the only examples that totally turned us off , but too long to mention . the chef and cooks in the kitchen seemed to have a much better attitude than the server . in fact , one of them greeted us when we first came in , as our server did n't show up until a few minutes after we were seated . due to this awful experience , my hubby swore he would never eat here again . me ? i would give it one more chance . i did enjoy the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great new addition on dupont and to the cocktail scene in toronto . very cool , warm and inviting space . i did n't try the food ; came late and we were seated at the bar . fantastic back bar and cocktail menu including a killer lot 40 manhattan on tap . super nice staff and very cool crowd . will definitely go back for the food very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool bar , we had a large party for a birthday . they handled the party very well . the food was quite good , drinks were better . prices were reasonable too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the food and service here . it 's a lovely addition to the hood ! it 's a bit pricey but it feels like a dining experience . the deserts were incredible and i my daughter enjoyed the oysters .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went in for a couple of cocktails and some appetizers . we had oysters , the olives and steak tartar . everything was vey tasteful . our bartender was very friendly and gave us good suggestions on things to do while in city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had a difficult time finding a hair stylist that i really liked since moving to the area . let 's just say that has changed for the better ! lauren really took the time to listen to me and what i was looking for , which meant a lot to me as many other stylists have not taken the time to listen and rush me through the appointment . lauren was very thorough throughout and made sure i was comfortable and satisfied . my haircut and color ended up being amazing and i 'm so happy with it ! she also gave me some great tips on how to style my hair , which i really appreciated . i will definitely see her from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i just went to lauren for the 2nd time and i do have to say i was just as happy with my cut this time as i was the first time . just so thrilled to find a stylist that listens and works with me and is inthe neighborhood . also love the hours she is available", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lauren always does an exceptional job . she is a color expert , as well as master stylist . she always has fresh ideas , but will also give you the look you ask for . never have to worry that she 'll take off more than you ask her to . always receive compliments on my color style . i sometimes need her services for a pboto shoot , & she 's very accommodating as well . she 's such a great find , & i feel so blessed to have found her ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lauren -- hair bliss -- -she is a great colorist and always does a fantastic job with my hair ! she really looks at my hair and listens to what i want , she also offers ideas and will tell me if my idea wo n't work ahah . i appreciate her honesty . i see her a few times a year !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am giving this playground 5 stars alone for the flooring ! ! it 's the rubber flooring that they usually have on the track or basketball courts just way more bouncier . this stuff is amazing , even if your child should fall rest assured they wo n't hurt themselves . and for adults it feels like you are walking on clouds . besides that what is amazing about this playground is that a big chunk of it is in constant shade because how the trees are positioned , even during noon sun ! ! this playground is relatively new , i think they renovated or re build the entire park just in 2006 . it 's has a climbing structure with three slides , a small sand pit with 2 digger arms , swings , basketball court , and also a skating park . great place to take the kid seven on hot sunny days since it 's in the shade . unfortunately the place has no splash pad ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boy howdy , did i ever spend a lot of time in this park this summer . not the playground area of course ( that would be awkward and weird seeing as i have no offspring of my own to bring to said playground ) but given that i had the opportunity to work with the port credit bia on so many of their events that were hosted here , i had many opportunities to spend time here and see it 's versatility in action . for the kids there is a great park , for families there is plenty of green space , well manicured gardens and a wonderful canadian themed walkway that works around the park . whether i 've been here for buskerfest , southside shuffle , mississauga 's waterfront festival , or just as a nice place in the summer to come an eat lunch , it 's always a pleasure . it 's also well spaced out for live music and the fact that it runs along the credit river adds beauty to the space . looking forward to another summer here in 2014 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why i love this park . it 's a reasonable size , there 's a nice playground for the toddlers , a couple of hoops and a large grass area . they host a lot of festival such as the paint the town red and the southside shuffle . it also runs along the credit river , so you can take a nice long stroll if you want . very scenic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably one of my favourite parks around the area where i live . this is a great place to take your kids and have a nice picnic with your family friends . everything is so spacious and your free to walk around and enjoy the views that this park has to offer . although not one of the largest park out there , its a nice place to just stroll around and read a book . they also occasionally host some festivals of some sort but am not really in tuned with it but its nice to check them out . but the highlight would have to be the playground , i love how the play ground seems safe and the floor is like a rubber like material so the kids ( and adults ) have a worry free time running around . i see a lot of parents bringing their little ones here so its very family friendly . i definitely recommend this place if your near the area . after having lunch around the premises or coming from the near by library.. this is a good place to relax .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am giving this park 5 stars . living in port credit neighbourhood , this park is a lovely place for a walk , right along the lake and right next to the library . this park holds venue to many events and activities in mississauga including busker fest and summer festivals . great for biking and a small playground to keep the kids occupied . even have a picnic area and grill .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "emergency bee situation ; called a few but this owner was the only who made it a priority and came out immediately . fast service , thorough and professional . highly recommend and will be using them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been using them monthly since 2014 . listens to what we are having issues with and goes after it . extremely nice people easy to work with , fast , flexible , and affordable . have n't seen a scorpion inside or out in over a year . outstanding ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "doug is a life saver , i had bees inside my house when i called him , and he was here within an hour . did a great job . i totally recommend him and his company , if you need someone efficient and reliable . thank you so much doug !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! very affordable beer and wine and the food is inventive . such a unique spot on roncesvalles . totally recommended if you like izakaya style places .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely worth discovering . a modern unique environment with great staff and even better food . i had the gin gin mule cocktail to start and the bartender has done a great job to create a refreshing blend of lime and ginger ale with an ice cube surrounding a mint leaf . attention to detail is evident and important in this place . the tuna tartare was more than tantalizing and memorable enough to order again . a sweet complex sauce was slathered on the prime rib begging for a spoon to savour the last drop . i 'm declaring this place a success . i would be surprised if you rate this place less than a nine ! which makes it easy to remember at roncy and queen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's the point in having hours of operation , if you 're not going to stick by them ? sundays they 're supposed to be open until midnight . came by at 10pm , and was informed that they were closing early because business was slow . this is the second time i 've tried to eat at their restaurant , but they were closed when they should have been open . as such , i 've never actually been able to try the food . i wo n't be coming back , as i do n't feel like wasting my time coming by , only to be turned away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent service with carefully prepared foods . price for portion was good . staff clearly care about their work . all around great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we took a friend here for a birthday treat . we pretty much came to try the rice cocktails ( yuzu , lychee and pomegranite and vinegar ) and they were super - the best one was the weirdest ; the pomegranite and vinegar one ! we also shared the pork belly , the kfc8 and the ribs ( sorry i ca n't recall the names of all the dishes.. i should have written the review earlier ) . all three were super delicious ! i think ultimately we enjoyed the drinks and the strange hipster-bunker-esque mason jar lighting , tube thingies and stuff . yeah the decor is pretty interesting ( we could n't find the jellies.. are there even any in the tank ? ) . i 'm not sure how authentic the korean food is there but we all agreed we 'd be back for sure . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i tried calling this place so many times to make a reservation and nobody ever answers or returns voicemails . not interested in giving this place a try as i find this to be an unprofessional way of running a business . no service = bad service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , attentive and friendly service ! fries were cold but the bimbimbap roll and kfc were great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed 9 . it is pretty , cosy and very comfortable . the service was very good and i never felt rushed . we went with our 8 year old twins and there was no kid attitude at all . the food is more dumbed down fusion but i am a sucker for variety and small plates and most of the food was fun and tasty . we had the garlic honey chips which were ordered more for the kids but were delicious , the steak tartar was tasty ( a little sweet ) , the calamari was good , the black cod was ok but on the expensive side for the portion , my kids loved the fried chicken ( never my thing so i ca n't judge ) . the dumplings were ok as was the kimchi poutine . i wish that they had a better wine list and made bottles available rather than selling by the glass . great neighborhood find !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was five stars . really excellent . everything 's as good or better than it sounds . slightly pricey , but not a bad value for the delicious factor and the ambience . the decor is fantastic . i love it - not pretentious , but very intelligently designed . everything looks great . fancy but comfy , perfect , rock solid reclaimed tables , and neat steampunk light fixtures . the service was very polite , fair , and everything was great in the end , but i have to say , the waiters were overwhelmed . no one was lined up out the door or anything , but the staff were not working as a well-oiled machine . everything was fine , but it was kind of like a fire drill . i 'll come back and give it five stars when the waitstaff get some more experience . i look forward to it because the food was really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service . we ordered bulgogi poutine , grilled octopus , and pork belly . everything was so delicious , especially the poutine and the belly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tasting food for a reasonable price . 6 of us shared a good portion of their menu , plus drinks . we paid less than $ 50 per person including tax and tip . service was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were a table of 4 - we split the spicy kfc and the sweet kfc , the honey butter chips , the beef lettuce wraps , and the glass noodles . it was more than enough food and soooo delicious . we live in the neighbourhood and tried 9 for the first time last night at 9pm . the service was excellent . we will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small portions and on the pricier side . sweet potato fries are wayyy to skinny and have little flavor . tried the 24 miso cod and was delicious but again , serving way to small ... calamari did n't have any special flavor . service was nice and friendly though . overall , not what i expected for korean fusion tapas and would try other places before coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yummy and creative menu . sweet potato fries have a very interesting sweet sauce in it . we want to lick the plate clean . : ) yuuuumm . the pork belly wrap in lettuce is interesting , reminds me of peking duck . i love the kfc dish . crispy but not greesy . i would want to try their other dishes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "four of us went for 9 restaurant on the weekend . we loved it . the food was excellent especially the pork belly , kfc8 and the kimchi . the service was excellent as a server was always nearby and the food arrived promptly . the ambience was great for speaking with friends without music blasting . and the prices were fair instead of getting ripped off with shigh prices like you often get at hip new restaurants downtown . plus roncy is a beautiful and now lively street at night with many great restaurants and bars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tapas for takeaway can seem excessive when it comes to the packaging , but this was one delicious package . a sampling of kfc8 , bulgogi roll , deep fried seafood , glass noodles and pork belly rates high on the flavour scale . well-spiced , well-seasoned and a delightful expedition into a non-traditional take on kimchi-inspired selections .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the fried dumplings , bibimbap roll , sweet potato poutine , tuna tataki , grilled kalbi . really enjoyed the bibimbap roll ( great flavours and the rice was plump ) and the grilled kalbi ( so tender ) . the tuna tataki and fried dumplings were good too , but did n't stand out too much to me . i was n't a fan of the sweet potato poutine because i found the gravy sauce too sweet . all in all , this was a nice meal and the ambiance was pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as much as you want to like this place ... it just does n't work out . cool decor and hip music , a sweet and well-intentioned waiter . sadly , the food just was n't good at all , and you know it is going to be that way from the very first bite . kimchi fries were cold and had only a measly fleck of kimchi . bibimbap roll was like every other bland california roll you 've ever regretted ordering . mixed fried seafood plate was over-crumbed , over-deepfried and partly chewy and inedible . fried chicken was the quality of bad-to-average , greasy , deep-fried chinese food and excessively drowned in sriracha . the cocktail we had was watery and completely lacked booze . overall , the room and the menu look fun , and you want it to be good when the friendly waiter tries so hard , but the kitchen did n't deliver . sorry folks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "loved the eclectic decor & atmosphere ... .loved the food presentation . we ordered quite a bit & loved everything . pork belly , wings , korean pancakes , sushi & korean maki rolls , sweet potato fries , black cod , & kalbi ... ..what a wonderful feast ! ! ! ! this place is hip with great food ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the chicken dishes so far have been above par . added with ice-cold sapporo on tap , makes for a perfect snack night out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the decor ... . poured concrete walls very unique . friendly staff . the glass noodle dish and macha creme brulee were really good . definitely worth a look see .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bill is fantastic . he reminds me of a meticulous artist as he takes his time and puts effort into his work . he was very friendly and invited me in to sit while he finished with his customer . the wait was short as well . my nails looks great ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eh , it was okay . the staff was really nice . the shop is located in walmart , and inside the shop they do point out the fact that they use liners for the pedi tubs with each use , which is nice . i came here for the $ 25 mani pedi deal . my pedi looks great , but the massage was not as good . the lotion they use is n't good either . my feet started looking ashy by the time i left the shop and that 's never happened before . as for my mani , it was just okay . same lotion and same massage as before . the work done was not the neatest , i 've definitely had better . probably wo n't return", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got my nails done saturday by ton he did and excellent job but my gel polish already came off i 'm so upset i thought gel polish is supposed to last", "score": "2"}
{"review": "he did a good job on my pedi . i would recommend coming here . granted it is in a walmart but other then that tit was nice they did a great job with the scrub and massage . and it 's really not expensive at all . so if you 're in walmart and have time i say come in and get a pedi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "second time going in there and they suck . the first time they took like an hour to get me in for a pedicure this second time i had to wait again about an hour before i decided i was just going to go somewhere else . the pedicure isnt even anything special . you just get your feet soaked in water and toes painted that 's it", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lou did my nails ! absolutely fell in love with them , i got exactly what i asked for the first time . got a full set with glitter gel and coffin shape for only $ 35+ tip very cheap and good quality . wait time was good for being a saturday and no appointment . lou is very fast so you will be in and out in no time . it is inside of a walmart , do n't let that fool you . overall their customer service was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here today to try the salon out after reading several reviews . i went in for a full set w designs , and a gel pedi w design . tracy did both for me . the full set came out nice ! she remained patient as i showed her pictures and explained how i wanted my nails . the only reason i 'm giving 3 stars is because the pedicure was n't impressing . the water was cold ( i like hot , or at least warm ) and there was nothing special to the pedicure . ( just a light massage , no rocks , towels , or masks involved ) i would return if i only needed a fill full set . however for pedicures i will be going somewhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never again ! if you can not speak or understand basic english or have someone to at least translate for you then i do n't think this is the place to be working ! the young lady who done my pedicure rushed and did not file them evenly and when i tried to speak with her about me having a allergic reaction to the oil she put on my eyebrows after doing them she thought i was asking her for more oil as my eyes were swelling and the stupid other worker was n't even trying to help as i was asking for alcohol to remove the oil so i can stop breaking out . did n't even do my feet good nor is there a selection of different types of spa services , and the spa chairs were raggedy and the remotes were chipped and broken , the only good thing was they use the plastic covers for their spas , very basic , rushed no attention to detail never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "michelle and micheal never disappoint with their great customer service and wonderful nail art skills . michelle is so delicate with your hands and really focuses on her work . it had been almost 2 years since i had been there ( job would n't allow nails ) and i am so happy and impressed that their business has n't changed at all ! it may be in wal-mart but it 's in there as a hidden gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've gone to this nail shop a few times in the last few years and the only reason that i return is because of the combo special , it is a decent price $ 30 for a mani pedi . every time i go they have the worst customer service half of the time they do n't acknowledge you and they raise their prices every single visit , $ 3 more for this $ 5 more for that , it is very frustrating . after my last visit i will be looking for a new nail place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come here all the time . great customer service and friendly people ! so far i can not find anywhere that is as low cost as this place . i recommend this place to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent coffee , owner and environment ! definitely recommend . will come back here for a my coffee crave or a study group .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love all nations coffee . best customer service i have witnessed in a long time ! the barista is also the sole owner of all nations and his passion for coffee shows . he has a deep knowledge of coffee and tea and more specifically knows which fields his coffee beans come from . you can tell that he has a lot of pride in every drink he makes and is very genuinely concerned in serving the best cup of coffee or tea ( which it is ) . i love the atmosphere including the relaxing music that is played in all nations . i love stepping out of the stressful office for a good chai tea and a friendly chat with the owner . it 's very comforting to see a friendly face and i love the small town feel of visiting . always a good pick me up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is over priced not worth it . save your money and book a nicer hotel . this place has no elevator , desk chair was falling apart . the pool was ok and there is plenty of parking . overall this will be the first and last time i stay here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "clean room , nice pool , funny desk clerk . bed seems comfy and the water was plentiful and hot . ac works well . just stayed one night . i 'd stay here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm impressed . i came here with pretty low expectations , and was still let down . pro : - the staff was nice , and i do n't feel service was explicitly poor . - the location is convenient - breakfast is included with the room cons : - the hotel is over-priced . at almost $ 150 nt we had accommodations i would expect for half of that . - the shower is awful . it fluctuates every few seconds between cold luke warm & scalding hot - disorganized when checking in . at 3pm the front desk still had no idea what rooms were cleaned , and had a line of people on standby waiting for a room .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no free breakfast like at other days inns . no elevator , this hard on my hubbys knee . pool is small , but nice and warm . no jacuzzi . theres an rv park ( $ 30 nite ) at the back end of the parking lit that is run by the hotel . rv park needs help , weeds were high . there 's a sports bar near the lobby that has 2 pool tables , but is far too lit up at night . free internet , and use of 2 slow computers and printer in the lobby . all in all not much atmosphere , but room and beds were clean and comfy . great location for spring training . nearby peoria has tons of restaurants anf fun bars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "booked two nights here in march for baseball spring training . had a change of plans and called five days in advance to cancel the reservation . was told by a clerk that it must be done through the manager , he was n't in that day , sunday . called back on monday , and the manager would not cancel the reservation . ended up charging me for one nights stay , what type of hotel business does this ? nothing i could do , he had my credit card . my only recourse is to warn everyone of this . i could understand if i tried to cancel with short notice , this was five days in advance . poor , poor customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my first time at this hotel and it 's not bad at all . there is more than enough parking and it 's easy enough to find your room . my room included a king sized bed , fridge , microwave , 30 '' lcd tv , and a coffee machine . the room also included wifi but unsecured so use it at your own risk . lastly , the shower has plenty of pressure and get decently hot . all in all , i would definitely come back here if i 'm in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice quiet room . we stayed for a week and they put us on the bottom floor and am when i told alexis i did n't want anyone above us due to the noise she said she would take care of it and she sure did . she made sure everyone knew . also the gym was good and the pool clean and inviting . grounds were very beautifully maintained and the property large enough to have a nice walk . very enjoyable ! definitely worth the money", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was stuck without a hotel room for a conference and this hotel was a nice substitute . the bed linens were clean , warm , cozy , and my room was spacious . the staff were extremely friendly and there was plenty of hot water . i ca n't complain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice front desk lady.. after having a bad experience at a previous hotel ( they did not have the room we reserved ) we ended up at this hotel and was fortunate to find a room ( as it is the baseball spring training weekend ) the room was clean , beds were very comfortable , pool was nice , they have a gym and a sports bar the drinks were good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would n't recommend , pretty dirty , stains on everything and overpriced . the staff seemed nice but just gross overall . the shower got super hot then normal which i could tough out but it was not safe for my 3 year old . also kept finding hairs everywhere . have a good night and spend the extra $ $ for somewhere newer", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent for the price ! i was honestly expecting much less ! ! clean facilities and awesome rooms ! very clean and nice . will deff be back here ! i got a great deal and i was totally amazed ! great and convenient and perfect for all trips ! needs free wifi though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ta hell with cvs , i pick walgrees every time - they do n't make you carry around one of those ridiculous rewards cards . always very friendly staff and they have a good selection of $ 1 candies for the movies , so i hit up this place before i head to the theater .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lindsay pharmacy is horrible ! ! 15 minutes to get a prepackaged zpack with prescription in hand and not one other customer in the place ? ? ! ! they need to learn customer service ! one girl was too busy ringing up her own coffee than to help me get what i needed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love the lindsay pharmacy , but the rest of the store is borderline harassment . personally , i do enjoy customer service when ask and an occasional greeting when i walk in , but do you guys really have to ask me every time you walk by me on how you can help me find something ? the store has at least 6 workers on any given day and that is 6 times in less than 10 - 15 min . i am being ask a question . why would any one go into a store to be asked an abundance of questions when no one has asked . do you think i ca n't find you if i did , i mean you guys are everywhere . whoever the owner is or the manager who told these employees to be this obnoxious really may want to reconsider their greeting model . i plan on using the drive-thru from now on which means walgreens ... i am not spending money in your store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thanks to these guys , we visit the big box stores a lot less for our small projects .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great local hardware store with a surprisingly large selection of stock . joe and eric are very friendly , knowledgeable and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a breath of fresh air this place is . baby point hardware is a picture perfect example of why we should strive to shop local instead of big box . the customer service joe provides is second to none . he will provide you with everything you need for the job , and has given me tonnes of ideas on how to tackle or approach certain jobs . as a local small business owner , i know the importance of providing this top notch kind of service , and baby point hardware does it beautifully . joe will often offer to custom order what he may not have in stock , and actually follow up with the customer . he greets you at the door and will walk around with you until all your needs are met . as i said , this place is a testament to why we should shop local ... .you will not be disappointed . thanks baby point hardware , keep up the good work ! justin", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place and joe is super courteous , welcoming and knowledgeable . always willing to answer your questions ( no matter how stupid they may be ) . i 've been here to get all kinds of small parts , screws , yard waste bags , paints , lacquers and what have you . it 's so much more convenient taking a short walk to baby point hardware than jumping into a car for home depot . the store is surprisingly large inside and well stocked . aesthetically , this store hits all the right notes in creating that nostalgic local hardware store that one reads about in charles dickens ' novels . i am so glad that a place like this exists in the neighbourhood and hope it all success in the world . thanks joe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store was sorely needed in the neighbourhood since all the small hardware stores have closed down and the big box stores have taken over . the store is much bigger than it looks from the outside and very well stocked . i always check here first for my hardware needs and joe almost always has what i need . on a couple of occasions he has ordered items for me that he does n't keep in stock . the prices are a bargain considering the superb level of customer service - something that is practically nonexistent at the big stores . joe is not only a really nice guy , he 's also very knowledgeable . can you tell i love this store ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to find whatever you need , joe is very friendly and knowlegeable", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not changing my opinion , but merely saying that it 's not the staff on property at fault . it 's these people who are n't here and are impossible to get a hold of people who could n't care less . the staff here is friendly , but have no authority . i 'm only updating this because i do n't want the wrong perception taken . i still feel that the parent company who control these situations are horrible ! i 'm aware now that it 's part of living in an apartment . sad but true .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "o love living here ... as long as they replace my carpet and maybe one day they 'll be able to find me a location that does n't phase durango but other than that i have no problems meeting and comes right away no bugs no roaches no bed bugs it 's very clean and they take care of us very well i plan to stay another two three years", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved here in july 2013 and i must say that i really like living here . the satff is really great specially susie , she is always catering to my needs . maintenance is great . the complex is well maintained , everything is real clean . i really recommend you to live here . location is fabulous , close to everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd give this place about a 4.5 . the office staff and maintenance guys are friendly and helpful with my needs . the amenities are always clean , they have a small but still decent equipped gym , a tanning booth ( if you use that sort of thing ) , and a small pool . the reason i do n't give a 5 is because that pool area is in need of a jacuzzi , or if not a jacuzzi then a heated pool . they have regular get-togethers for their residence , the latest a beer tasting , but they do hold little parties on the holidays for the kiddies like an easter egg hunt event , which i find really cute .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am furious . your company came out to install a a c unit and your tech does n't have the courtesy to wipe his feet before coming into my house ? my upstairs carpet is completely dirty and has ground in dirt and clay in a white carpet going into two different rooms . is this a joke ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst and rude communication ever , 2-10 home warranty referred tyson service to fix my ac due to other services unavailable . the receptionist lady handles the phone is extremely rude and no help at all . i will never recommend this service to anyone and will report back to 2-10 home warranty to remove them from their partner .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never use them i have been waiting 2 hrs past their appointment . they keep saying they are on their way . never use them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an emergency claim was filed with this company through my home warranty company as my ac unit broke in july . they would not return a single phone call to come work on the unit ! if you do n't want my business , i 'm sure someone else does !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "time for our annual `` air conditioner dies '' summer , but we have our go-to company to come and save the day . always great guys to work with . although i ca n't promise they will get you penciled in too quickly due to high demand , they are punctual and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "witnessed one of their service vehicles recklessly cut through gas station parking lot just to pass slower vehicle in front of me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family and i have been sitting here for over an hour waiting for our main courses . we came for summerlicious and so far the appetizer has been quite disappointing . the plantain was n't sweet and was mostly batter . the waiter did n't ask how the steak was to be cooked , brought out warm wine , and when asked for a cooler wine he took so long that we cancelled the order . then he came out after all the other meals were served and asked to switch the steak order because they had n't begun cooking it . not to mention that the spaghetti had canned fish in it . on the plus side the begniette was excellent , nice and crisp on the outside and soft on the inside . overall however it was honestly a terrible experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were here during winterlicious 2016 . arrived on saturday night at about 6pm . service : we were promptly seated . we sat at our table for about 10 minutes without being acknowledged by any server . they came by a table beside ours twice and did n't say anything to us . it looked like they only had one waitress for the entire place , which was a bit odd for a saturday night . cleanliness : the lap cloth for my girlfriend was crusty and had a stain on it . we then inspected the glasses on our table and they were dirty too . at this point we got up and left . really disappointed because we looked forward to trying some of this cuisine .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went with a groupon to try this place . ambience is nice , place is small and cozy . service was average . the creole dishes were excellent - i had shrimp with corn grits ( polenta ) and hubby had pulled pork . my salad app was small and under whelming but his spicy chicken soup was delicious . we made the mistake of getting the pineapple coconut cake instead of beignets . the dessert was a mishmash of pound cake ( tasted store bought ) , sprinkled dry coconut , mango sauce and lime gelato . the flavors did n't go together and honestly brought my rating down from a 4 . the meal would have been better without the dessert . i wanted to like this place but doubt i will go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was at la creole for winterlicious and the food here is great . i ordered off the winterlicious menu - soup du jour , flank steak and plantain straw fries and the gato for dessert . my friend ordered off the regular menu and had le capitaine codfish and a side of shrimp creole . the soup was delicious and the steak was tender and well seasoned . i stole a few of my friend 's yummy shrimp creole and the codfish was crunchy on the outside and perfectly cooked inside . being new to haitian food , i had to try everything and the spicy pikliz did not disappoint . i did n't notice anything about the forks , so no complaints there . it 'd be a perfect score except the butter cake ( le gato la creole ) i had for dessert was a little dry and had me wishing for a fruit coulis to pour on it . overall , an excellent meal with lovely friendly staff and nice music . i 'll certainly be back for a live music night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience . very eclectic menu with plenty of selection . delicious whole fish fried with creole sauce . nice sampler platter of amuse bouche . affordable meal with good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cod and potato fritters are excellent ... plantain is delicious . had the squash and corn soup ... great for a cold and miserable night .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrific food ! we went here very shortly after it opened - the service was still a little disorganized , but the food was amazing . the appetizer plate was great ( particularly the green bananas and croquettes ) , and the ratatouille and chicken ( almost like a cassoulet ) we had were delicious . also lots of great rum-based drinks . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not use the groupon for this restaurant . the value is ms-represented .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved this restaurant . the staff were so friendly and the food was spectacular . i actually crave the dishes they made .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ambiance of this place was perfect ; casually upscale and romantic without being fussy . the food was interesting but approachable and our waiter was excellent . savory beignets highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the wonderful opportunity to go to the la creole restuarant on christmas eve and had a wonderful experience . i 'm in love with haitan food now and have already prepared to make pikliz and epice and home . the atmosphere was quite comforting as well the food was addictive . the staff and other patrons were very friendly . the music and visuals on the large tv screen were lovely and set your mind in a tropical location . there was someone who commented on the forks , ... and how they were hard to manage , ... . really ? ? ? the utensills were quite fine . my friend and i were expremly pleased and even ordered food to take home . i see us returning to la creole again , as well i have already told a friend about it and she was quite impressed . there was even space for those who needed to have a priveate function . happy new year la creole ! ! ! kajmere", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love the cozy atmosphere , i originally came here for the haitian experience and to interview the owner of the restaurant who was very kind and friendly . it is clean and relatively new which opened a year ago . if you want a taste if the haitian culture , this is definitely the place to be ! you can smell the haitian cuisine , listen to cr\u00e9ole music , see the colourful artwork , designs of the haitian culture as well as feel like you 're in a whole new environment and of course , taste the delicious haitian food . the owner is fluent in english , french , cr\u00e9ole and a bit of spanish . as for the food , it is definitely flavourful , unique and i highly suggest the appetizers : ) ps , hours are only for dinner time that starts at 5pm . but the owner hopes to gradually expand the hours in the future : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere ... casual but jazzed up with chandeliers and gauzy ceiling draping . although the music was a little eclectic ... ranging from bachata and spanish pop to french pop ... but always fairly mellow . haitian creole cuisine is definitely a niche for toronto . the prices are very reasonable . appetizers were scrumptious ... especially the lamb chops . the piclicz ( sp ? ) cabbage slaw pickled with scotch bonnets for the beignets was great too . we ordered the whole snapper , creole chicken and ratatouille for the 3 of us . the entrees were more simple ... very hearty and felt more like creole home cooking , with rice and beans . filling ! service was attentive and very smiley . overall , definitely recommend this place . something different than typical gta fare .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not only is the food absolutely delicious but the location is also really pretty . love the ambiance ! i enjoyed the juicy turkey and my friend ordered chicken , which was perfectly tender and so tasty . the cocktails are super yummy ( i had the zouk ) and the server was really helpful . i felt like i escaped toronto 's cold for a few hours and sailed off to the caribbean . ca n't wait to go back , i heard the fish is a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent restaurant . really enjoyed the food . the plantain was really good and everything was cooked exceptionally . we particularly enjoyed the green plantain burger , the mango coleslaw , the malt drink and the fried chicken . also the fish was tremendous and the serving sizes was really nice . we enjoyed the ambiance , our waitress was very friendly , and the food came within a reasonable time period . would visit again . great pricing : spent $ 55.00 for two the other couple we went with spent $ 65 for two", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in this place while we were walking down st clair on a sunday afternoon . the decor is really lovely and the music is a good volume . not too loud to talk over . we had the prix fixe special . it came with an appetizer ( soup ) , entr\u00e9e and dessert . the starter was a hearty beef soup , almost a stew . the entr\u00e9e was salmon with vegetables , and the dessert was organic haitian chocolate mousse . it was all very delicious , i would definitely come with some friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic food and dessert ! ! ! excellent ambiance . recommend the beef ratatouille and the pea fritters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place was small and cozy . the cutleries looked good . serving sizes were pretty good . started with a cabbage slaw and beignet which was good . ordered the lamb and my gf ordered the turkey . both dishes had meats that were not edible . we could not even cut the meat . i had two bites of the lamb and did n't eat the rest . had to look for food afterwards . the flavours were good , but i could n't eat the meat . i 'm fairly certain i will not be coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to visit zeffirino 's quite often when i worked at the grand canal . i miss my weekly lunch there now that i am a stay at home mommy , but i do get down there from time to time . it is a lovely restaurant tucked away from the crazy crowds of the mall . the menu is diverse and is very much like the food i had in italy once upon a time . every time i have been there , the servers are all italian too , or have a very good fake accents , but either way , they make it fun to dine here . i mean what girl does n't like a cute waier with an italian accent ? ? ? the portions on the entrees are big , so make sure you go hungry ! also make reservations ahead of time and request to be seating near the windows , s o you can look out at the mall and the grand canal below . you can even pretend you are in venice , awwwww .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we were hungry and looking around for some italian food . were a little bit afraid to go in , but were happy afterwards : ) we got the linguini alfredo which was delicious and creamy . i had angel hair with tomatoes , garlic and some herbs . very good . the red wine ( chianti ) gets a 10 ! we shared the tiramisu ... omg ... mmmmmmm we want more - we want more ... ! a pre calculated tip , but because the food was excellent and the waiters were friendly , we had no problem with it . it 's a pity that we discovered this resto not earlier . will recommend and will return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried their lunch prefix menu for $ 31- absolutely one of the best italian meals i have had from appetizer to main course to dessert : had butternut squash soup , veal parmigiana , cannoli with citrus cream and chocolate , came with coffee tea as well . loved their calamari appetizer as well- light , crispy yet tender . reminded me of food i tasted in rome , italy . gorgeous restaurant decor , impeccable service . sat at table overlooking venetian canal , can hear opera singers in the background . very romantic . ca n't wait to try their dinner menu when we return to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel awful giving only 2 stars because the restaurant itself is awfully pretty , and our server was so incredibly sweet . however , our food was terrible ! i had a caprese to start , and i have no idea how they managed to ruin it , but it was inedible . literally every person at my table groaned when they took their first bite of their food - except one person . it 's also a bit pricey , so i was surprised by how poor the food was . boooo..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for a $ 400 dinner for four , i expect service to be pretty remarkable . yet service at this overrated , on-the-canal-in-the-venetian restaurant was so inattentive it was nonexistent . our starters arrived before our cocktails . our wine arrived halfway through our dinners ( i believe he forgot it . ) our check did n't arrive until we flagged down our waiter . the food ? all right . i live in chicago - a city with hundreds of palate-pleasing eateries - and i 've had better italian down the road from my apartment . the standout was the caprese salad - the mozzarella had an almost air-like mouthfeel . very nice . other than that - overpriced seafood ( shrimp and lobster ) that bordered on chewy and bland . many people rave about zeffirino 's lunch prix fixe menu - if that 's where the value and experience lay , then so be it . but for dinner - i would n't take anyone back here . i 've had better service at a denny 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great place for italian food . i love the ambiance and enjoy sitting upstairs so i can people watch everyone walking around in the venician hotel casino in las vegas . i 've been here several times , and the last time i was here was when i took my husband to watch phantom of the opera at the venetian for his birthday . the food is very tasting , the service is wonderful ( you cant expect anything less from a 5 star restauarant in las vegas ) . and there 's this older man with a guitar that walks around and serinades the couples , very cute addition .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i purchased the package from a hotel . it was a pretty good deal . i believe they also deserve more than 3.5 stars ! first , the decor is a five ! the place looks amazing and the front of the house really paid close attention to the table setting . i love the ambiance and how it is overlooking the river , very romantic ! secondly , their service is amazing . food wise , i got the minestrone soup for starter and the chicken marsala for lunch , no complaints on those ! the chicken is cooked too perfection . you can taste the love in the food ! on the other hand ; my husband got the lasagna . the lasagna was okay i thought . the sauce could 've used more boldness and the cheese is overpowering the entire dish . another bonus is that they serve illy coffee ! will definitely going to come back here when i visit vegas again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would probably give it a 5 if we would 've tried the entree 's but we had a few dinner appetizers and cocktails . and the tables could be a little bigger for 2 people . other wise this place is very elegant ( not stuffy though ) . romantic , excellent professional full-plate service ; not the kind of place that tells you to keep your fork . yes , it is expensive but they do all the things that a place at this price point should have : a gracious and welcoming hostess , professional wait staff , beautiful linens , a full course formal plate setting , over the top lush and romantic atmosphere and beautiful bathrooms . when we left bar downstairs had the piano playing and it was so laid-back and moody . it would also be a great place for drinks and some light eating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are brunch here for mothers day . they had an amazing spread of delicious foods . i started out with lobsters , widdled my way through excellent marinated fish and beef tenderloin . i should n't have had the dessert but they were the freshest pastries we 've had outside of italy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favoloso ! most definitely my first thought when reminiscing on my zeffirino visit recently . we dined with a large group and you would have thought we were a group of two ! zeffirino 's staff is attentive and offer a wow factor . anytime i thought of something , their staff seemed to have provided it already . service is key to making guests happy , but the food will get them to return . and i 'll definitely return ! the food was quickly brought to our table , well presented and flavorful . i expected slow service for being a `` high class '' restaurant in vegas and was thrilled when our menus were taken and food replaced them . make sure to take a trip to the lou at zeffirino . it 's not your typical restroom ; each stall has separate stool and sink , with mouthwash added just in case . and the attendant will happily open each door for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service and ambiance here alone warrants a 5 star review . the whole time i had been in vegas with my family we had been drawing odd glances from restaurant staff because we were always talking in 3 languages . we get here and both of the waiters that helped us spoke english , spanish , and italian , which made the group feel right at home . great wine recommendations , pesto pasta was delicious . to be perfectly honest this was n't the best italian food i 've had , but i would certainly rank it highly among places i 've been outside of italy . this place does n't try and pretend to be top notch luxury fine dining . it 's professional and elegant while retaining a warm and sincere feel of italian hospitality . totally forgot to add that there is a great cocktail bar downstairs too . drop in if youre in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give 10 stars for this place , i would . i make sure to dine here every time i am in vegas and make sure to recommend other friends do the same . i can only rate their 4 course lunch menu as that is normally what i have . everything from the food , to the service is beyond amazing . the apps included are the perfect size , my personal favorite is the seafood salad dish ( ca n't remember what it 's actually called ) . the entree 's have yet to let myself or anyone in my party down . i do n't even like desert but the mini cakes that come with are to die for and always have me both wanting more and feeling greatful they only give you mini ones ( girls got ta fit into her vegas hoe-wear after all ) . finally , the coffee , absolutely delectable . i have yet to encounter a dish , or an employee here that i have n't been 100 % pleased and ca n't wait to visit again next month .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was an late evening dinner . the service had a slow start but once the food service began it was great . i went with the pre-fixed menu to get a taste of everything and it was well worth the $ 45 cost .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a review for the bar area only . it was good . we had drinks at the bar , and their sampler bruschetta appetizer . the toppings on the bruschetta were awesome , but the bread was not . the best thing about this place is the bartenders . it was pretty slow in there -- i think we were there around 3 pm . bartenders were extremely friendly . oh , and they have $ 3 drafts at happy hour , so it 's a nice place to grab a cheap drink .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to zeffirino again ; had the same combination , insalata mista and zuppa del doge de venezia . i have to say , food was again excellent ; service was perfect , and michelangelo was fun to joke with ! this is a very nice place and has a great food . it is worth visiting if looking for a classy , nice italian place to eat in vegas ; do n't think you would go wrong .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not a big fan of italian food . i like it alright , but just wo n't be looking up on yelp or making reservations at opentable.com for an italian restaurant unless it 's the other people in the group suggest it . in this case , we had a big group , and zeffirino was the choice , and so we went . the restaurant was quiet . only 3 tables including ours during lunch . the server tried to be funny the whole time , making small jokes , which no one really laughed at . anyways , the food was pretty good actually . we had like a tasting menu , so all the dishes ( almost all pasta ... surprise.. ) were personal entree size , shared among the 16 of us . the end result ? unsatisfied stomach because of the portion size . poor mood due to the ambiance and poor jokes ( including that condescending tone from the server ) . this is an average italian restaurant serving food of quality can be found in any metro area . with so many great choices in vegas , i say skip this one .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant . they have great food and a great atmosphere . make sure you request a table overlooking the gondolas . the service is excellent as well . prices are on the high side , so be prepared to pay up . most wine bottles are $ 200 and up and $ 18 by the glass . the fried calamari was delicious and if you want something that is not on the menu all you have to do is ask .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "asked the server for information on some vegetarian entrees he was not very helpful but by taking a few more minutes perusing the menu i found a plain housemade pasta with marinara sauce and mozzarella cheese was quite delicious i was going to order the tofu entree but by the look on the server 's face i changed my mind", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the only reason i did not give this place 5 stars is because of the price . very expensive . however , the service was wonderful ( ruben ) and the food was great . lovely atmosphere . i brought my husband here for his birthday and he said it was perfect . quiet with a lovely view of the gondolas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what an experience . our table of 9 had two autentic italian hotties serving us , a wonderful serenading band around us and rome-inspired delicacies . the missing star is due to the outrageous prices of the regular menu items and wines . however , take into account it is vegas . i snacked on the tenderloin medalions and drifted off to italian heaven . the canoli is also worth noticing , mainly for it 's beautiful presentation ( sugar glass strands encased it ) , but also for the taste . buona appetito !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would not go back . the clams are hard- so obviously not fresh . tuna carpaccio has no flavor . pasta is average- prefer ago 's . view is good of the venetian mall . service is decent but nothing special about the place after hearing rave reviews .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i do n't remember who i went with . i do n't remember why i was even there . i do n't remember what wine i had with my meal . i do n't remember what appetizers we got ... .. all i remember are two things from that dinner . 1 . sky was very blue in the venetian . 2 . veal chop @ zeffirino was probably one of the most finest entree i 've ever had ! ! ! i could n't really make out what was the exact content of the sauce on the veal chop , but it was fruit based . marriage between this incredible sauce and cooked to perfection quality veal was beyond belief . i would really like to try other dishes at this restaurant , but since i do n't get to go to vegas often and cuz of this veal chop , i do n't think i will get to taste anything else this crazy-noisy-fancy restaurant in the venetian has to offer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we did not like this joint . the pizza dough did not taste like it was made from pizza flower . it actually tasted as it was a biscuit dough . this is not authentic italian as they stated and the ingredient was not fresh or tasty . however the food was plentiful and the service was good . the dough at five 50 in the aria tasted much better and you can actually taste the dough . i confronted the manager but she said she did not know what yelp is and she stated that the fresh dough was made downstairs meaning not on the premises . if this was authentic italian then why the dough for the pizza is not made from scratch . i rather eat in a fast food rather then waste my time or money on this place . avoid it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple of times and it has been outstanding on both occasions ! the menu does lean heavily toward seafood , but they use really fresh ingredients . i had the sea bass and was not disappointed at all ! the service was superb ! like tom p. said , call ahead for a table overlooking the grand canal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there with a group , 14 of us in total . those that had tenderloin were very happy . those that had seafood or seafood in their pasta , not so much . the appetizers were average , not the quality i would have expected ... ... .calamari was a greasy pile , the mozzarella and prosciutto was good , nothing special . i would go somewhere else next time , average to below average in my opinion .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "zeffirino was okay to me , the atmosphere and decor was beautiful , overlooking the venetian hotel canal , but you definitely are charged a pretty penny for it . food was just okay -- there is a `` special '' menu and has items under $ 20.00 plate that are good , but you have to be choosy . the grilled seabass was definitely the best way to go , comes with steamed broccoli and a nice piece of fish . the ragu on the ravioli looked just like that ... ragu . $ 17.00 for 4 . okay , but i 'll pass . had better at trader joe 's . if you want good italian , your better bet would be maggiano 's , the menu is more extensive and tasted better for the cost , but again , the location is definitley what you are paying for at zeffirino .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "was on my way to get a burger from another restaurant when i saw a picture of the creamy pesto ravioli . i could n't pass it up . stopped in and got the ricotta filled ravioli with creamy pesto sauce . it was amazing ! the caesar salad was decent . ambiance of the restaurant is low key and relaxing . the restaurant seating is in the upstairs section after passing the bar so you are away from the passing crowds of people and all of the noise . great service , great food , and a pleasant atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the price the food should be much better.3 people cost $ 400 . 2 had lobster , 1 had pasta and 1 bottle of wine.service was great , nice view of the canal , great decor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "11 04 2009 : my boyfriend & i had a great experience . this place is unique because it is completely inside , however it has a great view of the venetian canals & it really feels like you are eating out on a veranda in venice ! ! i also loved the violinist that played for us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i thought the food here was pretty good but maybe not worth the price ( i know , i know , its vegas , everything 's expensive ) . i got a seafood dish which was delicious but pretty rich , and the bolognese pasta was also very good . also , the view on the second floor of the venetian canal is pretty neat . i would probably come back here if i wanted to drop some $ $ $ on italian food in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here for a late dinner with vouchers we received from a timeshare tour . loved the romantic decor and view of the canals . it was quite empty so i was concerned about the food quality , but the food turned turned out to be good . we started with minestrone soup and house salad followed up by lasagna and chicken marsala . it was all good except for the chicken , which was slightly overcooked . service was quick and friendly . we would come back and try their regular menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zeffirino 's tiatorreto was easily the best meal i had in vegas . ate here for dinner with the hubbs . i had the salmon and he had the lasagna . both were absolutely deelish . i could n't decide which plate to eat from . also had a couple glasses of vino which complimented the meal perfectly . the hubbs had a chai tea which he raved about . i 'm not a fan , so i did n't bother to taste . service was a+ . if you 're near the venetian , check it out ! you wo n't be disappointed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding ! great sevice , great food , and great atmosphere . expensive , but this is vegas . i ca n't stop thinking about the linguine gamberi e capesante ( linguine with shrimp , sea scallops , garlic and olive oil in a light tomato sauce ) . see picture .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think the best thing about zeffirino is the experience and ambience ( the food is pretty good too ) . the restaurant overlooks the grand canal in the venetian which makes for a really nice dining experience . similar to other restaurants in the hotel , there 's usually a wait . the wait staff is fantastic - my mom was going bonkers when our waiter started speaking italian with her ! make sure you go to the bathroom - weird , i know , but the bathrooms are these rustic little rooms decorated really neatly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food ! we were in vegas celebrating our anniversary with family we all got something different and it was all very good . i got the steamed clams for an appetizer and the seafood risotto for my entree . so delicous ! my brother in law got the veal and gave a taste it was very good . i cant remember what everyone else got because i was so into my own meal . not to mention the awesome father and son on the violin . we appropriatly requested the theme to the godfather and they kindly obliged . we had two bottles of wine that were very reasonably priced . we also purchased their cd . great service , food and atmosphere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an evening here is a total pleasure , from start to finish . yes , it 's expensive - this is vegas , baby . but worth every penny . excellent , attentive service . totally delicious food . huge wine list . we eat there every single time we go to las vegas - would n't miss it . excellent for couples or large parties . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "manager was very accommodating . i had to arrange a price fix dinner for clients ... .the feedback was very well received .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ambiance is pretty cool here ( although it can get loud if crowded ) . the service was nice and friendly . prices were a bit high , but nothing too unexpected . we ordered the sea bass and it came whole ( head and everything ) - which was a bit of a surprise , but the waiter offered to clean it for us . oh , and the free bread was a bit too toasted , and somewhat hard to eat . overall - meh .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fantastic food ! the service was friendly , attentive and helpful . the best part was the amazing coffee at the end but then we are coffee addicts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zeffirino is pretty major . we only had about 30 minutes to eat before we had to catch the lion king ( which was also pretty major ) . our server was speedy and lovely and authentically italian , which is always appreciated having actual italian people working at an italian restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "come to this place every time i come to vegas ( recently twice the past few years ) and every time the food is magnificent , service attentive , except the lighting is like a hollister store . ca n't see who i 'm sitting next to . some negatives are that , it is pretty pricey and they annoyingly add on about 15-18 % gratuity automatically for small parties like two people which is always annoying , but overall if you 're willing to splurge a little the food is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazinguuuggghhh ! ! ! the service was great , the price was expected , but sadly my ( now fianc\u00e9e ) s lasagna was very mediocre..i think i almost got drunk off of my food too because it was soaked in so much wine i believe . this was our last supper before i popped the big question as well.. but the servers were great and very polite ! the food was meh ! would i eat here again ? probably not , maybe try something else.. but i would still recommend it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fabulous food and great service . very impressive restrooms ( private bathroom suites , attendant , water fountain ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gcs cpas rock . nobody enjoys tax time , but these guys make it as painless as possible . gcs really pays attention to everyone 's particular situation and you can trust them to get you the best deal possible without bending any of the rules . ask for charles mason !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was thoroughly impressed w my cpa . charles mason was very knowledgeable and quick with all my accounting needs . i felt very at home with this practice and cpa . he did my business and personal tax returns and i will continue to use him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i own a small event floral company in downtown phoenix . i was randomly audited by the arizona department of revenue and went through a very difficult period of time trying to fight my case . dave scharlau stepped to bat for me and substantially reduced my bill by 84 % ! he was a great communicator during the process and his final billing was very fair ! i was so impressed by his determination and professionalism . thank you , dave ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great find ! i was searching on line for a store that sells a particular type of jewelery my mom wanted for christmas ( pandora ) . the search brought me to signatures-a little boutique nestled next to a safeway in your typical arizona strip mall . not only did i find the pandora charms my mom asked for but they had a great selection of unique fun gifts and decorations . if you are looking for something for the person who has everything , it is safe to say that you could find something special at signatures .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is such a cute and 'homey ' boutique ! they have everything from invitations , candles , pandora charms , lotion , jewelry , etc . if you are going the candle route , i suggest `` diva . '' smells amazing ! ! the ladies there are very friendly and fun to talk with as well as have great suggestions for fun gifts to buy . i will defintiely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a last minute gift for a wedding this weekend , and this store was amazing ! the staff was so helpful and they had so many lovely things . they also have a massive array of custom , beautiful stationery . hoping to use them for my wedding too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great locally owned business with a lot of class . i love this place for unique gifts for the holidays or a birthday . they can also take care of all you invitation needs . the staff is great and very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once again this store is so amazing ! ! i love the new kendra scott jewelry selection . this store is the most beautiful looking gift boutique i have shopped in . the service was friendly and my items were gift wrapped ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to this store for about 1 year now and make it a monthly event . their gifts are unique and jewelry beautiful . i feel their pricing is fair to any upscale boutique in phoenix or chicago and less that scottsdale.the ladies that work at the boutique are all trendy and very stylish and are patient and willing to work with you until you find exactly what you are looking for . if you are like me and like to browse and come to the register with all you `` goodies '' then they will politely give you your space . i recommend anyone in the glendale area to stop and take a look .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "signatures is a top notch place for all your business and personal stationery , invitations , holiday cards etc . the staff is very helpful and work with you to come up with the perfect innovative design to fit your needs . signatures did everything for our daughters wedding , from the invitations , save the date , programs , menus etc . we got several compliments from friends that were excited to attend after receiving their invitation ! signatures has a great selection of jewelry and gifts for every occasion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't buy here . store credit on returns . i bought a pandora piece and my wife had issues with it so i took it back to learn exchange or store credit . go to jared ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! ! we can not thank bibian enough for her hard work and flawless invite ! ! wow ! ! ! they went out of there way , beyond the call of duty to give this ocd bride pure perfection ! ! ! ! i highly recommend this place regardless of where you live ! my husband and i ... married 12 days now ... live in nyc where prices and standards are very very high ! ! these ladies blew us away ! ! ! thank you signatures for making the most beautiful invitations our guest have ever seen ! ! ! go take a look for yourself ! ! our invitation is up on their display wall ! ! ! sincerely , ken and kristin 4-5-14 wedding !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so grateful to have found this store ! came in to because i was looking for alex and ani bracelets for a birthday gift , and they have such an amazing selection ! associate that checked me out was nice and also offered to wrap my gift . so happy with this store and their service ! will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful store ! they have an elegantly designed layout , with a great selection of brighton pieces that i ca n't seem to find anywhere else . i stop in once in a while , while i wait for pizza across the street , or when mother 's day rolls around . very pleasant place to shop and visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a cute store with a great nice selection of gifts and jewelry . the problem is the employees ... . rude and snobbish ... please , you are a sales clerk ! ! ! i only shop here because it is convenient . i have seen the clerks go overboard with attention and maybe even a smile to ladies who are dressed a certain way . if you have that `` casual mommy look '' forget it , you may get a grin or totally ignored while the clerks talk to each other until you check out ... this store has the potential to be so much more but unfortunately it has the reputation of a simple gift shop with workers who are not happy to work ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we were in the area trying to find paper for wedding invitations and this popped up on yelp so we tried it out . it 's more of a scrapbooking place then just a place for elegant paper for wedding invitations so we left empty handed . but we looked around and there were some pretty ribbon , paper and embellishments for scrapbooking . you can probably find the same things or similar at a craft store so i 'll probably not come back for this shop since there 's better ones in scottsdale", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was reading some of these reviews and thought you have to be kidding with me . i have been going here for years and these are some of the sweetest ladies i have ever met . they are always helpful and as a guy who knows nothing about shopping they always help me pick out the perfect gift for my wife !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were referred to this shop because of their honesty and good work . they were able to get us an appointment which worked well with our schedule . ken was very courteous and listened to our concerns with my car . i was even offered a ride home or to work which i did n't even know they had available . they called us once they knew what was wrong and what the cost would be . once they were given the go ahead they quickly got to work and my car was ready for me the same day . we are very happy with our services here and the prices . fingers crossed nothing else goes wrong with our cars but if it does , we 'll be back at green light garage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly . they know what they 're doing . & will help you with anything ! 10 10 recommend & will be coming here in the future for any car problems ! ! ! ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to think `` honest mechanic '' was an oxymoron until we started bringing our cars here . ken is very kind and really knows what he 's talking about . i have had other places tell me i had several things wrong with my car but when i brought it to green light garage there would only be a few things and it was going to cost a fraction of what other places quoted . i will not trust my car with anyone else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken replaced the engine with a jasper premium long block with a 3 year 100,000 mile warranty . he also replaced the engine mounts and front brakes . only took 3 days and it 's running better than a new truck . thank you for keeping all of my trucks running in tip top shape from my 70 chevy c20 to my 2006 silverado and personal cars . clean , quality work , every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken and his staff are amazing . their attention to detail and customer service is unmatched in the east valley . i have been taking my car to ken since i bought it . he always does a awesome job keeping my vehicle in tip top shape . they always go above and beyond the call of duty to make sure the customer is satisfied with their work . these guys stand by their work and always do quality repairs . if something is n't wrong , they are not trying to up sell you something you do n't need . they fix it right and aways use top tier parts . how good is ken and his crew ? i commute 45-50 minutes from a different city just to bring my car in for service . ken and his crew are ase certified and can work on all foreign and domestic automobiles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came for the hot chocolates . it was so incredibly sweet , but worth it ! the atmosphere of the shop is great , the employees are so nice ( and just as sweet as their food ) . i ordered the birthday cake hot chocolate and my friend ordered the oreo one . it was so good ! their icing is amazing . would definitely reccommend and come again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in today since i have been curious about their cakes and was treated very rudely by the one staff at the front . will by suggesting to others that they go elsewhere !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the newly opened second location for short & sweet . i had the best brioche doughnut filled with an amazing vanilla bean custard ! it 's not overly sweet and the next time i go , i 'll probably get half a dozen just for myself . someone else there ordered a s'mores drink and it is definitely instagram worthy . the whole space has a light pink glow from the neon pink lights on the wall spelling out `` butter cream dreams '' . it 's a nice quiet spot to relax and satisfy your sweet tooth . the seating is a little limited since their focus is still catering to cakes for special events . i tried a sample of their cupcake and it is a bit too rich for my taste buds . but 5 stars for their brioche doughnut : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i came here for the first time , paid a significant cab fare to come here and we 're so excited to try everything ! we came in the door and there were little to no treats . we came right at opening assuming like most other bakeries they would be fully stocked ! we got minimum selection and for how much the treats cost it was a little disappointing . was so excited to find some that 's comparable to jenna rae cakes in winnipeg , guess i 'm still searching !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this cafe is super nice ! the decor and food is amazing , it was very easy to find and very cozy inside . it is actually quite small in there . i ordered the valentines drink , 50 shades of pink . it was $ 8.75 , i originally thought it would be more expensive , but for the size of thd drink i think its pretty worth it . overall the drink was decent , the cookies at the top were very good , while the drink itself was great , it had strawberry jelly at the bottom which was a little too sweet . i would definitely come back another time to try their oreo drink , the staff was super sweet and welcoming ! definitely a place everyone should go to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is well known for their cupcakes and shakes . i decided to try a cappuccino instead considering i was waaay to full to have anymore sweets . not sure what to expect since i do n't usually order cappuccinos but this tasted like 100 % milk . no sort of coffee flavour anywhere . i would still go back just to try the cupcakes though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bad , bad , bad . cupcake icing is way too sweet and heavy and not worth the price at all . yuck ! the best cupcake on yonge nearby is at 'bakes & goods ' . 'the cupcake shoppe ' comes second . avoid this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! the decor is just adorable and it 's a relatively small place so it 's great for going alone or on a date . i got a hot cocoa loco , the birthday cake special , and wow it was so pretty ! the toppings were delicious , ( piece of cake , buttercream frosting , icing , sprinkles ) but unfortunately the strawberry steamed milk was n't as yummy . you can tell they take a lot of effort into making their drinks baked goods look beautiful . i would like to revisit this place and try their cupcakes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was a pleasant place to stop by in my neighbourhood with a girlfriend , the decor is chic , small place but quiet and the cupcakes are fresh and delicious , i had the chocolate with vanilla ( buttercream ? ) icing with sprinkles on top . also i usually do n't like icing on cupcakes but this one was of a high quality , i ate all of it ! pretty and delicious ! would love to try the chocolate drinks too . definitely satisfied my sweet tooth !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the cupcakes are delicious and even the day old ones are excellent . the price is reasonable and the service is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "holy smokes ! ! ! ! probably the best butter tart that i 've ever enjoyed ... . excellent crema on my espresso ... . people were buying cupcakes in droves from short and sweet . i 'll try those next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time here and i was so impressed ! the food was fresh , the ice cream delicious , and it tasted just as good as it looked . the service was also exceptional and i saw the owner welcome each person as they entered and clean after them as they left .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren gestern zum ersten mal dort essen und sind richtig begeistert . unter anderem gab es rindfleisch mit gem\u00fcse in thai-so\u00dfe und basilikum und h\u00fchnerfleisch mit hoi-sin so\u00dfe . die portionen sind gro\u00df mit viel fleisch , alles frisch , gut abgeschmeckt , gem\u00fcse knackig . da kommt nichts aus dem gefrierfach . die bedienung war sehr freundlich mit perfektem deutsch . ambiente ist minimalistisch , asiatisch anmutend und strahlt ruhe aus . im hintergrund h\u00f6rt man leise asiatische kl\u00e4nge . gut zu wissen : sushi wird t\u00e4glich nachmittags frisch zubereitet demnach gibt 's sushi nur abends . preise sind sehr angemessen . endlich mal ein asia-restaurant in dem alles passt . da gehen wir sicherlich wieder hin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "das lokal wirkt mit seinem hellen , freundlichen raum einladend , auch der service ist sehr freundlich . das haus bietet eine \u00fcbersichtliche , t\u00e4glich wechselnde mittagskarte . der seetangsalat ist gut , im gegensatz dazu leidet mein gem\u00fcse mit huhn an akutem huhnmangel und k\u00f6nnte deutlich mehr gew\u00fcrze vertragen . fazit : hoffentlich ist es abends besser . kategorie : g\u00fcnstig ambiente : vier sterne service : vier sterne preis- leistungsverh\u00e4ltnis : drei sterne", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sehr leckeres und frisches sushi . freundliche bedienung mit perfekten deutsch und englisch kenntnissen . es kann manchmal etwas dauern wenn es voll ist . ich empfehle die gerichte mit thai-curry und kokosmilch , die hoi - sin so\u00dfe , sowie das vietnamesische `` bun cha '' ( -- f\u00fcr die jenigen die sich gerne auf exotische speisen einlassen ) au\u00dferdem sind die preise ziemlich angemessen ! ! seit neuem gibt es auch einen g\u00fcnstigen mittagstisch . allerdings sollte man lieber aus der mittagskarte bestellen , denn bestellung aus der karte k\u00f6nnen manchmal dauern . das restaurant ist schlicht und modern eingerichtet . es gibt aber auch tische mit st\u00fchlen die eine lehne haben . wir kommen sehr gerne nochmal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "um gutes sushi zu essen , muss man nicht nach stuttgart . hier in neuhausen findet man das paradies wenn man gutes sushi essen will . ich kehre immer wieder gerne hier ein und verlasse das restaurant immer gleich gl\u00fccklich . empfehlenswert ist das men\u00fc m9 ( glaube ich ) auch mit frittierten sushis gerade f\u00fcr anf\u00e4nger sehr gut zum langsam an den geschmack gew\u00f6hnen . extraw\u00fcnsche wie das men\u00fc f\u00fcr 2 f\u00fcr 3 zu machen werden von der \u00fcberaus netten und freundlichen bedienung gerne erf\u00fcllt . pluspunkt ist auch , dass das sushi ganz frisch und vor dem auge des kunden gerollt wird . der fisch ist sehr sehr frisch und der reis hat die beste konsistenz . man kann so viel davon essen ohne zu voll zu sein . lecker , lecker , lecker ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a hard review to right . again , i wish yelp had 1 2 stars because it this review would really be at 3.5 stars . i have been to several gyms before ( golds , 24 hr fitness , tangible ) and the one thing i hated at all of them were the fact that they were always busy with people who seemed to have an intimidating aura . this place isnt like that . it is quite big and has pretty decent equipment . i usually go workout with my trainer ( jesse ) around 530 and we always are able to workout with no waiting for having to share machines . they have a lane pool , jacuzzi and sauna rooms . it kind of reminds me of the ymca downtown tucson . the only problem that i have with the place is the smell in the men 's locker room . i dont know if it is because they are in the basement and the sewer pipes are old but man does it smell ! the membership is kinda pricey but it is close to my house so that saves on gas right ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i began coming here in 2005 because it was the closest gym to where i was living at the time . but even after i moved out of the area , i knew i had found `` my gym '' and i 've never gone anywhere else since . even after i moved to chicago , when i come back to az for lengthy visits , i get a month to month membership here every time . i highly recommend giving cpsac a try , especially if you 're tired of the `` mainstream '' gyms or just want a better overall gym experience . plus they have a cold plunge which is getting harder and harder to find in a gym nowadays . these people actually know what they are doing and what muscle building and muscle building recovery is all about . for my money , this is the best gym in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm completely in love with this gym ! my husband and i were looking for a low key place where we could swim and take classes , but did n't want to break the bank doing so . i 'm not a big fan of large overcrowd franchise gyms ... .and this is the exact opposite . we visited the gym and the owner gave us a tour . between the amenities , the price , and the fact that the membership is month to month we were sold ! after joining it has n't disappointed us . everyone there is incredibly warm and welcoming . while it 's not gigantic..there is never any wait for machines or a pool lane , there is a giant hot tub , steam room , sauna , and even free parking ! i recommend checking it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visit today . already loving this place more than sports club at city square . unlike sc @ sq the athletic club is not a towel natzi , they do n't require your utility bill , id , and first born child for sign up , and the staff i interacted with was very friendly . same low key vibe , good equipment . not as huge ( they do n't have a b-ball court , but i 'm fine with that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "like others , i had a very positive experience here . i joined for a few months during the summer and plan to do so again next year . the staff were genuinely nice , helpful , and were n't always trying to steer you into expensive classes infuriatingly difficult to cancel contracts . they treated me very well ! i found the setting itself quite comfortable . a nice amount of people ( so it always felt alive ) but never so crowded that you could n't find a machine to use . the equipment is n't the brand-spanking-newest , but it was clean and seemed well-maintained and was always available to get the job done . free towels and free parking are also available , nice ! all in all , a very pleasant place to get some exercise . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buyer beware . the contract which seems like it 's not one is worded in such a way that if you want to quit this pricey and dated spot you must do so in an exact manner . if you do n't quit the right way they are very aggressive and unprofessional in collecting and are n't willing to work with you on a resolution .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came into phoenix on business and needed a gym and i 'm glad i stopped into cpsac . this is honestly one of the cleanest gyms i have ever been in , their members are n't creepy and overly social , and the staff could n't have been nicer . i 'd recommend this gym to anyone coming into town or looking for a gym in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this gym is so close to work i can practically walk there , but it 's 90-100 degrees outside , so i do n't . the gym is small , but rarely ever busy and they have the equipment i need to have a good workout . the employees are friendly and i never feel intimidated or weird . classes run thin as opposed to the big gyms , but i do n't mind it at all . parking is always validated and is never hard to find a parking spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always clean and accommodating to any workout schedule . i work near by so it is very convenient to go at lunch . great amenities , even a pool , and classes . wish there were a few more yoga classes or classes geared to those of us that are out of shape beginners , but i 'll get there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i signed up with this gym about a week ago and i 'm very happy with it . they have all the equipment you need and i have never had to wait to find a machine to get started on my workout . they have validated parking and the people here are always very friendly and ready to help . i plan to be a regular here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i joined this gym for a few months because i wanted a gym with a pool for swimming ( it was great exercise during the final months of my pregnancy ) . it was clean and the employees were friendly . it 's a great location , but a bit tricky to find on your first visit ( it 's in the basement of a high-rise ) . the equipment was a bit dated , but worked well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in phoenix for a week conference and this was a good , inexpensive place to swim . they have 30 day trial memberships for cheap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly service and delicious food . lt can get busy during lunch time but no worries the grill blazes and the chow is served quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "asada burrito with good flavor , meat is tender & better flavor than tacos el gordo , too small now for the $ 8.49 ... i wish they were bigger for the price . $ 6.00 for burrito + $ 1.85 con todo= $ 8.49 with tax . ( .64 ) reallyyy ? the employees are like i wish i worked some where else . sad & unhappy faces from the workers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place has the best carne asada tacos and burritos in town . i order my carne asada without sour cream ... and always with fresh cilantro , guacamole and queso blanco . there is n't a messy sauce bar , but delicious verde sauce in squeeze bottles . the food is relatively cheap and the meat is seasoned ... unlike at roberto 's . this is amazing food for a cheap price . check them out if you have n't yet already !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been patronizing this place since it opened , their tacos , burritos and fresh aquas are simply the best , once you have tried this place you will never fo anywhere else . a little on the pricey side , but hey ... .worth every nickel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing tacos ! they grill their meat on an open flame and it definitely makes a difference . their asada is my favorite ! they are a little pricy , but they are worth every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you do n't like these tacos , you 're smoking crack . my family from san diego who are taco snobs had their jaws dropped by the freshness of this food . the only downside to this place is it 's location . kinda shady area but not too bad .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a dump . i thought my friends were taking me a decent mexican place to get a late dinner . uh uh . los tacos was run down , grimy and full of graffiti on the bathroom walls . the food was ok . they have a pretty limited menu . just the basics of mexican food . i had a carne asada burrito , some rice ( which was hard ) , some beans and a soft drink . i spent over $ 9 on all of that ! not worth it , but i was hungry . one big plus was the nice people . they were helpful and got us what we needed when asked . they did n't seem to mind that we were the only ones there and went ahead and blasted their ranchero music from the juke box . it was funny actually .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "by far the best mexican food in vegas ! the carne asada tacos with everything are a must . and their ceviche is ridiculous ! ! everything is made fresh . have n't tried anything i do n't like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what amazing food . i wish this little taco place on e. charleston were closer to my home . the food is made fresh to order , and while not fancy , it 's absolutely amazing food . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive out of my way for los tacos . there are many kinds of tacos , and i appreciate most of them , but i know los tacos ' tacos hit the spot when i 'm in the mood ; carne asada con todo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great small taco shop . the have all the traditional meats , to make tacos , burritos , quesadillas , and nachos . fresh salsa and guacamole made daily . there is a bunch of different aguas frescas i had the watermelon agua . the feel of the restaurant is that of a fast food shop , whit several ladies getting the orders done in a flash , i had three items and it was done in no time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst place to go to ... if u want a quesadilla that costs $ 2.00 and is the size of one bite and is so greasy it slips out of your hands and leaves you with oily lips then go ... but i warn you it costs $ 3.50 for a basic taco and the craziest part is if you dont want beans on it they charge you $ 1.00 to remove the beans ! you read that right they charge $ 1.00 to remove beans ... .never coming back in my life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i eat at los tacos 3 times a week . it 's by far the best steak and chicken you can get . everything is always fresh and i love their watermelon juice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are ex-montrealers on a continuous search for good deli food intoronto . we went to ben & izzy 's for the first time a few days ago and unfortunately our quest continues . i ordered the corn beef special ( sandwich , coleslaw , and fires ) . my partner ordered the cold turkey sandwich . my corn beef was cold when it got it and i asked to get it reheated . the waiter took it back immediately . he returned with my sandwich less than a quarter of a degree warmer . let 's just say it was n't the best corn beef i 've even had and the temperature was not the only issue . i did really enjoy the coleslaw and the fries . we ordered another order of fries . these are really good . the turkey sandwich was ultra plain . there was no condiments in it . the meat was fine it was just very plain . no need to pay $ 12,95 for bread and turkey you can fix up at home . we also felt the price was a little much for what we got .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the place looks really nice inside . clean and modern . the pastrami sandwich is on the dry side , under seasoned side , skimpy side , and expensive side . i 'd much rather eat at pancers", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bang and greasy . you pay extra $ $ for kosher - subsidizing the expensive kosher certificate , basically . beef blt and smoked meat - both very greasy , tons of fat - which is ok when you have a melting smoked . the rendition i had was stiff . place is packed but when the people line in the door both quality and service go out the window .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good food , nice decoration , clean , friendly . best if not the only real kosher deli in toronto . however , the service is slow , the food is expensive , and they do n't even have anything close to a vegetarian-friendly option . how hard is it to offer a couple extra items on your menu ? they also do n't have any dessert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've been waiting patiently for the opening and finally went in today for lunch . definitely worth the wait ! the place looks great . a blast from the past with some nice modern touches with some tables and a diner counter . the staff was extremely friendly and you could tell they were trying hard ( still figuring a few things out-understandably as they just opened ) . the sandwiches were yummy ! very fresh and generous and served with a pickle wedge . i will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was my first time in this restaurant and not gon na go back there again . the service was too slow and food was too pricy . i paid 13.5 $ for a small size smoke meat sandwich . also paid 7 $ for a small chiken soup to go . server was too slow and my order was sitting on the counter for a long time while i was waiting . no next time there for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bit pricey , but very good food , though the portions ai n't what they used to be . very creative with menu options . i had a chocolate pudding french toast with fried pastrami on top , wow . they even have chocolate chip cookies with pieces of pastrami on and in them . very cool . the owners are super nice , the decore is classic and cool and clean , and the service is fast enough .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's closed . not a soul was there and no lights on and the signed indicated they should be open . i suggest you call first .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got the corned beef , it was dry and not much flavor , with a slice of pickle . so with just over a $ 2 buck tip , this 1 sandwich cost me $ 21,00 ? ? ? ? i 'm still hungry ? ! i might go back and try the pastrami ... if i win the lottery .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "holy christ - what a fantastic smoked meat sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "exactly what a barber shop should be . walked in and was in a chair in about 5 minutes . got a nice , clean cut for $ 18 . cash only i believe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here for years ! ! amazing barber shop , all the barbers do an amazing job and are super friendly ! cash only", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're a fan of thrifty ice cream , you can find it inside this chevron gas station 's market at the corner of jones and warm springs . we were originally headed for the asian ice cream place next door , but somehow we ended up here instead to check out the selection and stayed . nostalgia ! i have n't had thrifty ice cream in ages , so it was nice to see the old standards like mint n chip , chocolate malted crunch , circus animal cookie , black cherry , butter pecan , etc . this is indeed a full-service ice cream counter right past the cashier . girlfriend had a scoop of birthday cake and i had pecan praline on a cone . there are even two tables inside so you can enjoy your treats before you leave . free tastes and friendly service inside the chevron ? now you know like i do !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "employees really need to straighten up . one behind the counter is flipping off a coworker who 's smoking right outside the entrance while there 's a line of customers . i believe the one who was smoking said they 're cousins but nonetheless should n't be unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i dint really shop here i just use there car wash. because i do n't really bring cash i had to go inside the store to pay for the car wash , cashier was nice , and the car wash it self alright , i could have done better but it was an emergency wash .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoy coming to this gas station when i need to stop to get a green tea or when the husband wants a 40 or whatever . the one guy that works the night shift is very nice and always makes me leave with a smile ! when he asks how 's everything 's going of he cares or not he makes it seem like he cares ! i come here purely because of his customer service . there 's nothing spectacular about it just a great place to stop for a drink .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had the worst experience of my life , i was belittled and cursed at by a power hunger 'shift supervisor ' by the name of sean . i will be filing a complaint with corporate offices and his store manager . i 've been coming to this same gas station for the past 8 years and love everyone that works here . yet this rude ignorant worker is destroying my experience to the point i will never do business with them ever again . cherry if you are reading this , we need to speak urgently and this issue needs to be resolved . i will also file a complaint with the bbb . when i asked for the corporate number or a direct supervisor i was told no . how professional is this , even though he 's in a entry level job he should know the customer is always right . ignorance wo n't get you far in life buddy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my review is for the thrifty ice cream inside the gas station . every time i get ice cream , the employees are incredibly nice ! megan is extremely friendly and always has a smile on her face ( plus she scoops like no other ! ! ) . i 'm obsessed with the chocolate malt crunch flavor . so delicious . so perfect . heavenly . i need more ! ! ! now ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ice cream is great been here before but , i was waiting for 10 minutes and than when i was acknowledged they said it was going to be a while because of shift change . i walked out and they did n't even try to stop me . i was there for 15 minutes and walked out empty handed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the employee that did n't help was terrible . the car wash was down and when i went back it had rained . he said it did n't rain , but yes it did . he was wrong and i was right . rude and not caring to a customer . rude !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what can i say , it 's starbucks . you either love them or hate them . overpriced , pretentious and preppy ... but you already know that going in . i ordered a cappuccino with soy milk , it was good , not great.. price-tag was nuts but hey , got ta splurge a little sometimes . really wish there was a nice italian cafe nearby with more reasonable price and better flavor but , hey , starbucks is a 2 minute drive and i 'm sick of tim 's and mcd 's at this point .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm a sucker for starbucks . i am one of those people who will gladly pay $ 12 for one coffee if it tastes like heaven . and at starbucks , i 'm never disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love star bucks in general and would not normally write a review but this location store by far has the best service and staff is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a sucker for starbucks so thats why i give them 5 stars . this location has by far the best service and staff ever . fast service and they are very friendly . it is a little expensive and i would n't come by everyday but it is a great place for a treat in a warm sunny day", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the drive-thru here when i was living in laval . fast service , great for collecting rewards stars . never sat outside on the patio but definitely some vehicle noise . inside had lots of seating but arrive before 6 pm if you want a seat with an electrical outlet . it 's full until 11pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love that sky harbor is showcasing some of the best local eats of the phoenix area . ohso has finally made their way into the airport . my one knock with some of the other restaurants is that they offer limited menus and are n't always as good as their original locations . what i love about this ohso location is that they offer quite a bit of food options and have a pretty large beer selection . the other thing i love is that they are open late . i caught a red eye out and was happy i was able to grab a bite before my flight . ohso makes their own beer and liquor and is expanding across the valley . this airport location is housed in terminal 2 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for airport food , actually pretty good . my waitress checked on me multiple times and was prompt when i needed to go . she gave me suggestions with the food , and was friendly . prices are about average for an airport restaurant . i had the pilgrim sandwich and would recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "depending on the waitress you might get service or not . drinks did n't get refilled unless we asked . fries were cold . took 15 minutes even after asking to get our check . it was a mistake to visit this location . avoid it if you can . if i had had change she would n't have gotten a tip", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our family has had the pleasure to do business with duane hansen and modern woodman . we appreciate the fact that duane always has the clients best interest in mind . he does his best to meet each individuals needs . modern woodman is always giving back to the community . i am a club leader with them and i love the fact that they give you the tools to be a blessing to the community . get together with duane and learn more about his company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "duane hansen is a stand-up guy and he operates with high integrity and a genuine concern for his clients . i recommend you spend some time getting to know duane and learning more about modern woodmen of america . trust me , after just a few minutes with duane , you will swear you have known him for years . he 's a rare find and so is modern woodmen of america .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "duane is an enthusiastic representative of modern woodmen . he introduced me to life insurance for my grandchildren , as well as for me . i now have a legacy for my grandchildren that will last . thank you , duane !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the store for ten minutes today , and no one bothered to help me or my girlfriend . we both buy comics . actually , we both buy a lot of comics -- we 've spent about $ 1k on comics and toys in the past two months . this store is terrible . a batgirl top with an msrp of $ 35 on sale for $ 50 ? a leaking roof and zero customer service ? completely unforgivable . this was my second trip to the store -- i 'd hoped that the last time i went in was just a fluke . not so , it was even worse today . i love comic shops and i always buy something whenever i go . not here , and never again . stay the hell out of this place . it 's terrible , and the only thing they 've earned is failure . i wish i could give them negative stars . i wish i had the time to stand in front of this store and urge people to not walk in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place sucks the big d. came for the ptq , the staff was under prepared and didnt have the room nor equipment to run such an event . multiple people sat down in chairs that immediately broke . i sat in a few chairs that felt lilke they were on their last leg too . it was hot as fuck and for my first ptq i was not a fan of sitting 3 to a table . fuck this place they do n't even play modern regularly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service at samurai mesa is horrible . i can easily buy comics online ; i go to the shops for the customer service and experience . the employees at this store do n't know the first thing about customer service . they would rather pay attention to the friends that visit them than the customers who need assistance . for the limited supply and ridiculous prices , the customer service should be leaps and bounds above what it is .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff at samurai are always friendly and helpful . great selection of new books . what i really like is there 's no requirement on the number of books they will hold for monthly subscriptions . if you want just one book its no problem . other comic shops in the past have told me there minimum requirement of 15 books a month , no bueno . thanks samurai for always fulfilling my comic book needs", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am giving this review from just going yesterday the 30th of july 2014 . now i am not from this side of the us and coming from where the comic stores are far and few to having one so close to me is amazing . they are not mean at all . didnt say much to me as i walked in which i didnt mind because who wants to be annoyed while you are searching for comics , but when i asked they were willing to order it for me if they didnt have it . so thats a plus . its not lively though . maybe thats why i didnt give it a five star . the price range depending on what it is okay in the middle . but its something there for everyone . i will check it out again . they have tournaments let me check that out then i will give another review .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge comic fan , but going into any store i expect to be greeted and said farewell to . basic customer service is lacking . decent selection . clean . organized . they even have a few games to choose from ! what i found odd , however , was the massive selection of bobble heads they had . are they really that popular ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first off i do n't believe that because a store is related to video games or comic books that it should be able to get away with zero customer service . my bf works in a mom-and-pop store and he is always telling me how annoyed people get if he does n't talk to them . the same thing applies here . samurai does have some unique items but the selection does n't change too much ... my bf is a comic freak and it would be awesome to drive to a store down the street and fill all his needs but , more often , i just end up going online .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't believe any of the bad reviews . i have been coming here since atomic closed down . the current staff is super friendly and helpful . they support local comic creators and always have cool stuff going on . highly recommend samurai .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is not managed very well ... been there multiple times to consign or sell figures & told that i had to come back to let someone else is in charge of buying ? ! very inconvenient & a waste of everyone 's time . what is the point of having store managers work there with no authority to make a simple transaction . overpriced & poor selection of everything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just started dabbling with comics and i 've been to several stores throughout the valley . the staff at samurai is small and therefore they probably do n't have the best customer service . but they will answer all of your questions . they are not snotty or arrogant . they are friendly and welcoming . but all that stuff aside they have the best prices on the comic books and they seem to have random sales as well . no reason not to like this shop . all the other shops should hope to keep their blade as sharp as samurai ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since the day i decided to get back into the hobby of reading , collecting , and learning about comics , samurai comics : mesa has been and will always be my home . from day one , the staff , the selection , and the conversation has made wednesday my favorite day of the week . everyone there has been kind , inviting , and knowledgable to all my questions and needs when i enter and leave . one of the best parts as well , is when i go in with my kids . everyone greets them and let 's them wander and directs them to books they 'd want as well ( we now have a very healthy collection of mlp and adventure time books for their own box ) . so thank you for being great and never change samurai mesa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has the most disrespectful staff ever . they are always outside smoking and bringing that smell in with them . then you make a purchase and they barely acknowledge you and never say thank you . they could all take a manners 101 class . they are too busy socializing to acknowledge paying customers . ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a place for comic and has some semi-decent goodies . overall its alright because the staff is zombied out . no one says hi to you when you walk in , asks you if you found everything ok and only acknowledges you upon check out . been here many times and each time it 's the same .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "there are plenty of places to procure comics online , i enjoy going to shops for the human interaction with fellow nerds . this place has evidently never heard of customer service though . i have worked customer service jobs my whole life and i am very big on it . i have now been there twice and i was never welcomed coming into the door nor was i thanked after my friend and i made our purchase and left . no one asked if i needed assistance in finding anything . whenever i asked the people behind the counter about a particular comic only one gal was attentive and went out of her way to help me . i wish i could remember her name because she was the only person there that knows how to treat a customer . i wanted to like this place but they are not making it easy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is terrible . the merchandise is stale . for a comic shop they sure do lack in the comic department . it 's like half a hot topic threw up in samurai comics . the customer service is atrocitus . they use to have a couple decent employees on staff but i do n't think they work there anymore . the last time i was there this guy reeking of cigarettes `` helped '' me out but he was n't knowledgeable , just creepy . i wo n't ever go back . they should brush up on their customer service . it 's not like they are the only comic shop in the valley .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff is not knowledgeable about their products and prices . the yugioh sneak peak cost $ 20 everywhere and it clearly says its $ 20 to enter on konami 's website , but they decided to charge $ 25 for some reason . wo n't come back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow bertha made a yelp account just to gripe about this place . frankly as far as lgs 's go , it 's my favorite . i sometimes feel like the staff are pedantic about the procedures for looking at cards in the store . there are some good people , though . do n't give up on samurai , bertha .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "recently started collecting again and shopped a few places before deciding on samurai comics . after my experience at greg 's ( yeesh , the worst ! ) samurai felt like heaven . i 've read some of the reviews and i think some of the issues people have had ( unfriendly staff , small selection , etc . ) have been addressed , so obviously the management is paying attention . there is one woman there who is fantastic ( i wish i remembered her name ! ) - friendly , knowledgable and helpful . for newer comics , pretty good selection and display . i like that they have a kid 's comic zone too , very nice . too bad their back issue selection is pretty slim . one of my few concerns is with my subscription box , which i clean out once a month - they consistently neglect to pull all of them and i have to scramble to find the issue online or another store . overall , not a bad place but it could be the best if they made a few adjustments .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "seriously ? i do n't even know why i attempt to go to other shops . the staff here is amazing , especially justin , and nick ( now manager at phoenix location . ) once i walk in i 'm instantly greeted , and i can easily find what i need because the shop is organized the whole way through . the selection here is awesome for comics , and if there is something they do n't have , 9 times out of 10 they can track it down for me , possibly even order it for me ! they also support local artists by showcasing their work there ! this shop is amazing . they will always take care of you and help you find what you are looking for . keep up the great work guys ! i love coming here for all my comic needs and will continue to be a regular customer : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about these guys . i got quick quote and they were the best around , by far . it led me to believe it was too good to be true . it was n't . they honored their quote and did a fantastic job in no time . they even swept up after they picked up . great prices . great service , from nice people . what else can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best experience ever ! they were on time and worked efficiently and professionally . my sister and i have been cleaning out our mother 's condo , and they hauled off a large carpet , heavy fire file and some old drapes . we could n't be happier . they are our new `` best friends '' and we will be calling them again . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the greatest experience with this company . they made the haulaway process very simple and they were very professional and friendly . and the pricing is very reasonable . i will definitely be using them again for future junk removal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need to move stuff , this is your company ! on time , worked hard , came in under estimate ! ! thanks junkluggers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was very prompt and courteous . i had actually cancelled the pickup after i received the cost to remove the item . the owner called me and said they were already in the area and could reduce the cost . however , i would n't say that negotiating price is a usual business practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did such a great job ! ! ! such a great concept ! they not only remove your stuff but they make a donation for you instead of just trashing it . i was moving and was trying to donate some furniture , but the people never showed . they came with in 24 hours of my call . so grateful to these two brothers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went into this rogers and hollands to get my ring cleaned and the manager larry inspected my ring and told me i had a loose diamond which i have gotten my ring cleaned several times at different stores and no one told me ! larry the manager was very helpful as to where i could send ring to get it fixed . he gave us a great deal on a wedding band for my ring and even threw in a pearl bracelet for me : ) i mean what girl does n't love pearls and diamonds ! if you are looking for a engagement ring or thinking about getting another band id recommend talking with larry he was very helpful and i would definitely take my ring to him if im ever in town again . the ring and bracelet were a lovely three year anniversary present : ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a very helpful and entertaining discussion with `` diamond '' dan graf , about replacing my ring that i lost and or polishing it if it comes out of calf that shallowed it ( for real ) . dan was great to talk to and once i find out if i need to replace or polish my ring i 'll defiantly go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and beautiful bikes . they have their own frames and lots of high end classic gear .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bike shop in town ! the second location is bigger than the first one which is in mile end , and it 's got a fantastic cafe at this new location . they have amazing bikes , friendly and knowledgeable staff . just perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meilleure shop de v\u00e9lo en ville . la qualit\u00e9 des cr\u00e9ations et des services offerts , la passion incomparable des membres de l'\u00e9quipe , l'\u00e9nergie d\u00e9gag\u00e9e par les employ\u00e9s d\u00e9vou\u00e9s et attentionn\u00e9s ainsi que la fiabilit\u00e9 sont certainement des \u00e9l\u00e9ments qui justifient leurs 5 \u00e9toiles . aucune autre shop ou \u00e9quipe ne pourra remplacer celle c & l . merci d'\u00eatre l\u00e0 , merci d'agr\u00e9menter mon exp\u00e9rience dans le monde du cyclisme .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware of this location : - filthy bathrooms - filthy dining area , food is not cleaned off tables - unmopped floors - staff is the laziest i 've come across . managers just do not care about their store . - i have a 4 year old so it 's difficult to avoid the place . send emails to the owners .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mcdonald 's is what it is . staff were cheerful and friendly . quick to keep the eating area clean . manager dropped items off at our table that took a little longer to prepare so we did n't have to wait at the counter . current coupon mail out allows pretty good deals on meals throughout the day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "rude , rude staff . kiosk out of paper , rather than apologizing and fixing it ... answer was you 'll have to talk to the manager . ? ? ? ? what ? geeze i know you 're only getting min wage but maybe you should just stay home . management also needs a big reset here . place is filthy , floors are wet , huge fall hazard . oh on the upside , the food is way over priced", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was so happy to discover just how good yeungs house was when we bought our westview home a few weeks ago . everything is delicious . my favorite is the shrimp rolls , made with the flaky wrapper as opposed to the doughy dry wrap other places use . the shrimp are always very fresh , and no mystery smells in the food like most places you 'll find around town . from the outside , it does n't look like much - but try your favorite go-to asian favorite . i 'm almost certain you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not only some of the cheapest chinese food around , but hands down some of the best . i order from here frequently and have never once been disappointed , in fact , almost every time i finish eating i wax about how great all of it is . they have a pretty extensive menu and have never once gotten my order wrong . i also really appreciate how easy it is to order over the phone . the only thing i keep wishing is that they 'd open a buffet ( even a tiny one ) with all the space they have . i 'd eat in at least once a week .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lived near this restaurant for several years . this chinese take-out place is awesome . my husband and i have eaten there numerous times . the food has always been fresh , hot and tasty . ( be forewarned that some of the other chinese restaurants in the area have some suspicious tasting meat in their dishes but yeung 's house is definitely not one of them ) . coming from hawaii where there is an abundance of great tasting chinese take-out places , this was the closest thing to home for us . from the outside , you may dismiss the restaurant as being another hole-in-the-wall establishment but the inside is very clean and well kept . the best deal is the lunch special which ends around 3:00 p.m. you get an entree , egg roll , soup and fried rice for a very reasonable price . our favorites were general tso 's chicken and beef with broccoli .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not going to give a long review for this place as it does n't need it . yeung 's simply has the best chinese food in allegheny county and one of the best places i 've eaten at . the prices are very fair and downright cheap . the food tastes fresh and the veggies are never soggy and few like most american-chinese fare places . the sauces are n't bogged down with salt and corn syrup . just a great friendly place located in my neighborhood ! could n't be happier . try yeung 's you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well sesame inn has fallen off so now yeung 's house gets my top pick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to stop in for take out after driving past it several times . the lunch menu featured many options for the right price . i believe i paid less then $ 7 dollars for my selection . i was very surprised to see that the lunch portion was large enough to be considered dinner size . hot tea is available as you wait . the dining area is very spacious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "inexpensive and solidly-consistent chinese-american food . no frills . all the standards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was really excited to try this place based on reviews . liked the fact that they have small and large portions so that you do n't have too much food . my problem was with the egg roll ... it dropped out so much grease when i was eating it . only ate half and felt sick from all the oil .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we drove the extra 10 minutes to give this place a try instead of our normal chinese take out in crafton . it definately was worth the drive . the general tso chicken was made to perfection as well as the egg rolls and fried rice . the price was a little bit higher than our local place but it was still under $ 10 per person . if you are within 15 minutes of this place and like chinese take out , i would definitely recommend yueng 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a good choice for pick up ! never had a bad meal- recommend the chicken lo mein ! the combo meals are the way to go", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easily my favorite chinese take-out in the area . food is always hot and tasty and the prices are extremely reasonable . they 're always fast too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an amazing chinese restaurant . the portions are large and always delicious . i was there a few weeks ago and noticed a lot of chopping going on in the kitchen and i asked the person taking our order what was up . they were making ingredients for their egg rolls . not surprising that food there is fresh ; it explains the taste .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious chinese food ! i usually get the chicken with mixed vegetables and it is always very fresh tasting . lots of vegetables and real chicken . great brown sauce too . they only reason i do n't give 5 stars is because of customer service.. they are n't exactly rude but they are a little cold . also , the ambience inside is a little awkward , this place is best for take out . if what you want is awesome food to take you with you , this place is a safe bet ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i rarely eat chinese and the only menu items that appeal to me are hot and sour soup and steamed dumplings . i 'm usually weary to try a new place but after someone suggested chinese i yelped the local places to me since i just moved to pa. well the steamed dumplings are superb ! the sauce is sweet and delicious with enough flavor you might want to drink it ... seriously . i have n't yet but if no ones watching next time i order , i may . the hot and sour out is good , it has more black pepper flakes than i 'm used to , it other than that it 's very tasty . since this place has been discovered a week ago , i 've ordered this 3 times . it 's clear i like it . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst chinese i ever ate . just wasted 60 $ on garbage food.go somewere else", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is phenomenal . seriously i know it 's not the look it 's the final product . for example got a large wonton soup . could have sworn i had at least 12 wontons . the larger places . ( sesame inn & others ) you 're lucky if you get 5 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not your typical greasy chinese fast food . it seemed a lot healthier . food has good taste , big portion for the price . we love it , the kids love it - what more can you wish for ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you will not be disappointed by the food from yeung 's . large and satisfying portions are complimented by fantastic prices . less than $ 8 for a lunch combo anywhere is laughable and the quality would be questionable ... but it 's the standard at yeung 's . the food is so good that i 'm not even going to deduct a star for not offering delivery . sure , it would be great but then i think that would raise prices and possibly affect quality if drivers were spread too thin . if i 'm out and about , but do n't want to pay for a sit down meal or eat garbage mall food court chinese , yeung 's will always be my first choice for carry out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is good but not outstanding . i had the mushroom egg foo young which was good but the brown sauce was a bit salty . the other thing we got was the general tso 's chicken . this was pretty good but again not outstanding . the crab rangoon was very good , crispy and good flavor . meals here are a pretty good value for what you get but not a place for a special dinner . i wish the place was a little cleaner . the tables have greasy and sticky smudges on them and the rug from the door to the counter is down right filthy . when you look over the counter into the kitchen , the kitchen looks clean . all in all , i go there for takeout .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "portions are large , and very affordable ! the workers are always friendly . you ca n't find chinese food this good , with this large of portions for takeout anywhere around here . every time i call to order is always ready within 15-20 minutes , i 've only every had to wait one time , and we have been ordering here for 6 years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently good take out . we always order the general tso , wonton , lo mein , or moo goo gai pan and swear by them . we 've eaten here a dozen times and i 've yet to venture out with my order . your food is almost always ready in 10 minutes too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious ! we 've tried several different dishes and they have all been great . good prices on the lunch specials as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in an unfamiliar neighborhood and with 6 hungry people in the car , we relied on yelp to select yeung 's house . the good reviews were well deserved . it was a solid choice for no frills chinese food at a very reasonable price . my only suggestions would be to provide eat in customers with actual plates instead of styrofoam . also , the decor could use an updating and or a good scrubbing . the tables and chairs felt grimy to the touch . yes , if i was ever in the neighborhood , i would return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best chinese food i 've had thus far while living in pittsburgh . vegetable moo shu is delicious . good price , great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to start by saying i do not like chinese takeout because in my experience it 's always gross . when my boyfriend mentioned trying here i was hesitant but figured what the hell . i ordered an egg roll , vegetable lo mien and chicken and broccoli . all of it was pretty good . the egg roll was crispy to my surprise being it was take out . he ordered a bunch of differ things , said he was n't a fan . ( i think he just liked the crappy stuff he is used to in our old neighborhood ) . i would order again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hugh portions for the price . excellent taste and plenty of parking . shrimp spring rolls had plenty of shrimp and shrimp lo mein was amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a fantastic experience . always good value for price and good portions too . really delicious ! ! ! a lot better than sesame inn ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid chinese takeout standards . everything was very good and prices well below many places with more well known names in pgh", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent chinese food , and huge bonus , they do n't use msg ! great for quick take-out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our usual takeout chinese place . it is decent and cheap , plain and simple . this is n't the place you want to go with seafood dishes etc .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really good chinese food . second review here . favorite chinese place in pittsburgh . so cheap , tasty , and clean . love the lo mein and my family loves the moo shu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always good , fresh and reasonable $ we always have the steamed dumplings shrimp lo mein programmed in the phone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not that impressed . it 's close to home , so we might visit once in a while , but we went expecting great food based on all the reviews here . while it was n't terrible like food court style chinese , it certainly was n't great . sesame inn was still better in my opinion , as is chen 's in cranberry . that said , it was a good amount of decent food for a small amount of money . the general tso sauce was a little too thick for me , but tasted ok . the kung pao chicken was pretty good . beef broccoli was overcooked and a little mushy . noodles were good , not overcooked like a lot of places . decent food for cheap . but certainly not great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just had a great meal at yeung 's house . the world has far too many chinese takeouts with at best marginal food . this place definitely breaks the mold . i got the the `` hot and spicy chicken '' and was quite pleased . full of fresh veggies ( carrots , green pepper , mushrooms , broccoli , baby corn , water chestnuts ) and while it was spicy , it was n't not knock your socks off spicy . the pint sized order , with an included cup sized side of rice , was plenty to fill me up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been on the hunt for a good chinese place for awhile now . that search ended tonight ! both entrees were great and priced well . ca n't go wrong ordering from here . we are already talking about getting it again in a few days", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeungs house is pretty much a cheaper version of sesame inn . the general tso chicken is the best thing i 've eaten here . the only thing that sucks about this place is the parking lot , it 's all torn up and the place looks a little shady , but the food is great", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would put 0 stars if i could . got sick vomiting and high fevers immediately after eating here . gastroenteritis secondary to this poorly prepared food . caution .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been eating here for years . it is one of my favorite chinese restaurants ! the food is always on time , delicious and so reasonably priced it makes you scratch your head ! i always get the sweet and sour chicken with friend rice . great lunch specials as well . everything here tastes great , never a bad experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered take-out this weekend . upon arrival , a man was washing the restaurant 's windows and they looked great . the server pleasantly greeted me and promptly retrieved my order . the food was perfectly prepared as requested and was served piping hot . the portions were quite large . we will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite chinese take out place of all time . i had to move to denver for a year and i missed this place so much . chinese food in denver seriously sucks . i have lived in pittsburgh for 26 years and this is my favorite . the staff is always sooooo pleasant and friendly . we always get general tsos , chicken with mixed veggies , fried rice , pork lo mein , beef lo mein , chicken lo mein , or egg rolls , they are all excellent . change for fried rice with no extra charge . huge portions feed 4-5 people for $ 20 . the pork lo mein has to be our favorite has an excellent smoked pork flavor . everything looks , smells , and taste very fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is always fresh and delicious . it is usually made within 15 minutes . the woman who works the at the counter is so nice . my daughter and i love the cashew chicken and hot sour soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very rude staff . treated like garbage from the minute i walked in . food may be good but they need to learn how to treat people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had an extensive overhaul on my race bike done at the shop . blair and bart helped me decide the right parts for me and not the most expensive . i could n't be happier with the results and the price . they sell both road and mountain bikes and have a large selection of both for sale . they can order just about anything in a weeks time . a ton of parts on hand . stop by a take a look ! tl : dr - not your pretentious bike shop ; good guys fair prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here in search of a taillight for my bike . was greeted and immediately helped with some advice regarding lights . in-and-out in no time ! the storefront makes the place smaller than it looks . kind of like one of those clown cars that have a million clowns that come out of it ... you walk in and there 's a ton of bike paraphernalia everywhere , but it looks like they have a larger `` back room '' . they service anything and everything that is on two tires . it 's located off of park ave ... and the road can get pretty busy during rush hour . mostly on street parking here ... there is a small side lot you can park in to come visit . i do like how they took one of their on-street parking spots and put a bike rack on there for fellow cyclists that ride to the store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have connected with southpark cycles for my last couple rounds of bikes for my family and myself . bart ( the owner ) works to understand what kind of riding experience you seek , and recommends an array of choices . these guys are the real deal . this is n't a job for these guys , it 's a lifestyle . whether you are looking for urban bike thrills , a transportation alternative , or mountain biking , i 'm sure they can hook you up !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here to have them adjust my rear derailleur since a couple gears were slipping . i also mentioned about some rubbing going on when i was in my middle ring and in the higher gears . blair took care of me and had my bike finished within 2 hours of dropping it off . he even tightened the headset that he noticed was loose . he said it could n't let the bike go out of his shop without making the fix . prices are reasonable and the service is stellar . i will continue to bring my bikes back to queencity bicycles . happy customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local bike shop . bart ( owner proprietor ) is genuinely helpful . i definitely recommend queen city for bike maintenance and repair at a reasonable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop is in an awesome south end location and bart can get anything i need - even if it is n't in stock . there is a great rotation of bikes new and used so it pays to check in frequently ! he ordered my new bike rack for me and put the whole thing together and even helped install it on my car . bart goes above and beyond . i am so blessed to have qcb as my local bike shop ! get their newsletter , join a ride and follow toughman terry on twitter @ qcbicycles", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my go-to lunch places whenever i 'm up on that side of town . of course the falafel wrap is a favourite , but if you get a chance to try the one with the grilled vegetables . fast service , fresh food , and plenty of tables to sit and watch the world go by : what more could one want from a quick and sleazy shwarma experience ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to agree that there appears to be a huge amount of middle eastern takeaways on the streets of edinburgh , which is n't usually a problem for me as i tend to love my kebabs and shawarmas . zenobia has only recently opened up , and while the food is good enough and it seems quite busy , i so n't see the affection that the locals have for palmyra a few minutes down the road being replicated here . should n't detract from the standard of the doner though , which as expected , is a far more tasty affair than you 'll find at some of the city 's scruffier late-night eating venues .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's plain , but it 's good - tasty felafel wraps , mint tea , friendly waitress . it 's not somewhere to hang about , but it filled us up with tasty , healthy food before we headed to the pub .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was absolutely terrible . the cashier accused my mother of lying about the change even though he was the one who made the mistake . the cashier mistook my mother 's 20 pound bill for 10 pounds and when my mother asked for the proper change , he immediately took the offensive and started shouting at her for trying to scam him out of money . i am not sure why but he grew increasingly louder just to try to get the other customers to think he was right . eventually he did give us back the proper change without apologizing and even felt the need to taunt us as well . so if you do eat here remember to count your money and watch out for the heavy set cashier with a big belly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "friendly staff , halal & tasty food , quick service , comfy seats ... bring some cash because this restaurant does n't accept payment by card", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average kebab place . i got a chicken shawarma here and it was ok . the service is quick and it 's pretty close to the old city , so it 's great to take care of a quick craving and nothing else . oh , and they have a pretty good hummous here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is another average kebab joint . it seems to be making a bit of an effort to shake off the grease laden scummy image that many kebabbies have but that is a tough task . there is a seating area that would n't be out of place in a standard maccy d 's and that seems to be the type of client they appeal to . the food is pretty average . it is not smeared in grease and could possibly be actual meat instead of squished plastic but to be honest it is pretty bland and unadventurous . i know most people are n't looking for an adventure when they go for a kebab but something different would have been nice . ironically , by cleaning up the image of a skanky kebab shop , they have also lost a bit of the character . go here if the only other place open is the godawful pizza paradise down the road , though you 'd probably have more fun there", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 're from the us and after our vacation in scotland , we decided that this was the best restaurant we ate in while we were here . we had a shish kebab and a chicken kebab , both were very tasty and the meats were nice and juicy , cooked perfectly . the service was excellent as well . in general we found the food in scotland to have less seasoning than we 're accustomed to , but this place was very good . we 'll definitely eat here again the next time we 're in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "arguably there are enough middle-eastern takeaways on nicholson street to feed the entire city . however , just for good measure zenobia has set up camp . it looks a bit more lush than the others from the outside with a stark black and gold sign to attract the customers . the guys inside are friendly and seem to make everyone feel welcome . the menu has just about everything which you would expect from the place in the way of kebabs , falafels and the classic pizzas . i went for their doner with salad , mayonnaise and chips . the meat was fairly greasy and i 've certainly tasted better in the area , but the salad was fresh and the chips were n't bad . my mate had a pizza which looked okay , although there seemed to be a bit of grease on the top . i 'd come here again as it actually has quite a nice ambiance , but i 'll be expecting a bit more from the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was looking forward to a nice lunch while visiting mapleside farms , especially since the new owners took over , but i was wrong . i should have listened to the other yelpers . the view although pretty , was hard to concentrate because the dining area was infiltrated with bees and flys . not good . then the soup i had was cold , and just plain awful , it tasted like baby food , i post the picture of it so take a look . our meals were cold , hard to cut and just not tasty . it 's not like they were busy either , it was only like 11:40am-12pm . just not a good restaurant . the prices were okay but still for how bland everything tasted , it was n't worth it . sorry melrose , the view is the only thing worth going for at mapleside", "score": "1"}
{"review": "today i learned the melrose is a cross between red delicious and jonathan apples . and the view from the back windows span 60 miles . the food that came to interrupt this view was party good . the beef brisket sandwich had nice sauce ( could have had a little more sauce ) , tender beef , and came with sweet potato fries . their ribs were large in size ( half slab filled half of large plate ) and fell off the bone when threatened with a gentle pull . the menu is pretty streamlined , and not a great deal of options listed if you do not like sweet potatoes . they have really made the place more distinctive with the decor . very interesting chandelier over bar - upside down apple tree with multi colored apples for lights . looks like a big improvement over mapleside farms , but i will miss the bbq pork loin from previous restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "try the apple butter bbq awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the newly remodeled melrose grill @ mapleside farms is a nice change of pace . you wo n't find an iron chef in the kitchen . you will find comfort food staples like meatloaf , airline chicken , various smokehouse selections , pastas and stone oven inspired pizzas . the food was very good , nothing fancy . the charm of the restaurant makes this at least worth a trip . we went for a late dinner and enjoyed a sunset over the apple farm . only lake erie has sunsets that rival the sunsets at mapleside farms . 3 1 2 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pulled pork was very good . ribs were nice and meaty . service was timely . steak special on thursday is very good . have been there 4 times since thanksgiving and the food and service continues to improve .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to melrose on sunday , we waited an hour for a table which was to be expected , come to find out the dining room was half empty with dirty tables which seems to be why the wait was so long then the waitress informs us that it was buffet only which was sub par which is being generous , the service was lacking for a buffet style service in a restaurant that is typically a full service venue . we will not be back to melrose .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not impressed . used to love mapleside . slow service . had to spit out the corn bread ( rancid oil ) ? ? ? and the slimy cole slaw . manager was patronizing regarding our concerns . did give us free ice cream and passes to the play area . validation would have been more appreciated . basically said the rest of it was fine , did n't know why ours was n't good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dinner was great : a few things not to my liking , but i 'm generally a picky eater . we started out with the farm fries appetizer . sooo good ! we got them without tomato or scallions , and they tasted just like a potato skins . i also got a side caesar salad . the dressing was very light , and i did n't like the croutons at all , but i ate the whole salad , so i suppose it passed the test . got the new york strip steak ... cooked just right , big and juicy . delicious . it came with lyonnaise potatoes , i have no idea what that preparation is , but i 'm a potato fanatic so i tried them ... not a fan . i do n't know if they are supposed to taste like that or not , but i did n't like them . but , as my stars indicate , overall great food , service was good too . got the food fast but the check took a tid bit longer , but not unbearable . just wish that they had desserts !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a bit overpriced , but never had a bad meal here . always happy with the food and service ... and great view of the farm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to add to what everyone else has said melrose , surprisingly , is a great concert place on a friday night . make sure to take in the amazing view .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have n't had baja fresh for some years . but was craving their burritos with the yummy chips and salsa bar . walked in to see they have a lobster burrito thing . well that was easy . we ended up getting that and some steak burrito , which i did n't care for . but the lobster burrito was delicious with lot 's of great flavor and more lobster chunks than i had expected . ( do n't you hate when you forget to review after going to the place and then when you actually have time to write the review , you forget half the information ? ? darn . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the last two times i 've been to this place the food was absolute garbage . onions are always rancid and the tomatoes were green . at one point they were out of coke and salsa . had to get my $ back and leave . maybe one of these days they 'll get their chit together and put out a good product . same experiences at the sahara decatur one . the only one that had been consistent was charleston and ft. apache .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm impatient . so i should have called in my order . they took a while to get my ultimo burrito done . not enough meat . too many bell peppers . next time i 'll get the baja burrito . chips were really oily . like it was from the bottom of the frying basket . usually its just a couple.. but they were all like that . service was bad . the cashier greeted everyone with an 'you ready ? ' .. which isnt really a greeting.. and when you werent ready he kinda shifted his weight to his other side and his head followed his body . like he was being scolded.. and wasnt listening . anyway.. i 'll try again and hopefully add another star .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "grabbing a quick bite for lunch and the coworkers wanted to head here . the place was very clean and the wait was minimal . our food was served hot , fresh , and quick . we had a nice relaxing lunch and enjoyed our food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this store is very clean , speedya and accurate . the three times i have eaten here i have received excellent service from giselle . i am a big fan of friendly service and cleanliness . this store does what it takes and has great employees .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is good , if your going to use take out order in advance and ask for more meat , they can be a little light .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we take both of our children , ages two and four to this practice . they make it a very positive experience for the kids . something i really like , as i 'm allowed to go with the kids for the examinations . i have found that not all practices let parents do this . there are some kids that might be better for , but i do n't think my oldest is one of them . the staff has been very professional and kind . and i never thought my daughter would be excited to go to the dentist , but she is every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my three year old daughter for her first cleaning . she was very relaxed thanks to the amazing hygienist . i loved how i was able to be next to my daughter throughout the process . the entire staff was extremely helpful and friendly . i will definitely make this practice my daughter 's dentistry . i will recommend this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great . our son needed extensive dental work , and they did everything right in the office , even bringing in an anesthesiologist . we have nothing but good things to say about the whole team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been to multiple saturday birthday parties at this gymboree - including my daughter 's 3rd birthday party . typically 90 minute parties , i believe for a reasonable price per kid . you provide cupcakes , ice cream , juice boxes , etc . i believe they can even do theme parties if you want . it 's a great place for kids to expend some energy . the children receive a good mix of free time to explore , climb , run , etc balanced with organized activities led by one of their employees . our daughter loves it . i would imagine some of the success depends on who is leading the activities - there is no one size fits all , meaning some instructors are better with certain kids and certain aged kids . the organized parties feel a little rushed given all of the activities and free-play time they want to cram into 90 minutes and i wish there was more than one instructor staff member onsite at a time , but other than that , i strongly recommend for an inexpensive alternative to backyard birthday parties .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love gymboree . both of my kids went to gymboree from about 6 months until around 2-1 2 . i recommend the programs to anyone with a baby . they love the indoor play structures , which are perfect for this age group , songs , parachute , and bubbles are like magic for the little ones . this location is clean and the staff is great . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously ? i am the first review for gymboree ? ! my daughter has been attending weekly classes here for over a year . she loves it . they change up the gym set-up often , so it keeps things fresh for the kids . the ladies who work there are lovely and really kind to the children . bonus - open play time on tuesday and thursday afternoons ( and maybe sundays , too ) , which is great when the weather 's not fabulous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "going to class with my baby accomplishes three things : 1 ) it gets us out of the house . 2 ) it provides socialization for both of us . 3 ) it 's fun ! we 've been attending the 0-6 month class for a month and a half now . my baby loves watching the other babies and participating in the fun activities . i also like the teachers . they are all very friendly and great with kids . i would also say this location is clean , which is very important ! they sanitize all the toys and objects used in every class as soon as we are finished with them . my only complaint would be the price . i know baby classes are n't typically cheap , so i was n't too surprised when i found out what the monthly membership fee was . luckily , i joined while they were running a promotion , so i saved a little money that way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very noce place with yummy teas and great location , just little north of yonge and eglinton . i love their orange roobos tea , its really flavourful and tasty , i mix it with camomile green tea . it 's little pricy though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "made a visit here today and i must say that say tea 2 is a great if not the best tea source in the neighborhood . the amazing lady behind the counter was friendly , helpful and very knowledgeable . gave me a great deal on 455gr . of a blended tea . i was not forced a iced or hot tea to try and was not made to smell several kinds of tea before my purchase unlike another unmentioned company : ) i highly recommend a visit here even if it 's just to look around . my bet is you 'll leave with tea and a smile . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sad that this location closed on dec 31 , 2012 however the bloor street location mails my order to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is fine , nothing really to complain about and nothing that wows me any more than every other convenience store . it 's fairly sizeable but there 's product strewn everywhere so you need to watch where you step in some of the aisles .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok , let 's just forget about how corner stores are expensive and how they usually stink . that aside , this one gets 4 stars because it does not stink as bad as other places . the staff is very friendly , it has a country style coffee shop inside , and a chester fried chicken counter as well . it 's very large and probably has what you are looking for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "toronto needs more convenience stores like starbank ! i absolutely love coming out of a concert down the street and a place being open for water or juice or even a treat for the ride home . this store seems to always have a person outside asking for change , but once you get inside , this store is like a convenience heaven , this store always has nice staff at the counter always willing and able to help out . i wish more stores had the hours that starbank has , i guess i have to spend my money here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very handy location for typical convenience store needs - snacks , ttc tokens , scratch cards , shelter from the cold on a very cold winter night ( i hid in this store thawing out while waiting for a friend to pick me up ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the fried chicken here is da bomb ! ! ! screw that korean fried chicken place ( kaboom ) that just opened across the street - only idiots and millenials would pay $ 15 for 2 pieces of chicken and a waffle fries . starbank 's got the real deal , ya feel me ? thank me later .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "izzy has been amazing . he assisted me with my evil hoa board and continues to assist others in the realm of personal injury . i have found him to be kind , attentive , and knowledgeable of various aspects of the law . he is fair minded and offers wonderful counsel with wisdom and insight . i can not recommend him any more highly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` izzy '' is the real deal . as a healthcare provider , there are times when my patients need legal representation ( car accidents , injuries at work , etc. ) . he is my first choice . he is prompt , professional , experienced and offers a higher-level service experience than any other in his industry .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so glad i found izzy . i have used his services for my business law questions and contracts a number of times . he calls back right away , is straight forward , extremely knowledgeable , easy to talk to . as little knowledge as i may have about any issue , he listens , takes the time , and gives sound legal advice i can count on . thanks izzy for all you do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to dr hendricks by a friend who spoke highly of him . called for an appointment and they were able to get me in soon and around my work schedule , which is difficult to do when working a 9-5 . the staff was awesome and helpful ! verified my insurance on the spot and was able to let me know my benefits . no wait time for the appointment . the office was well kept and clean . dr hendricks was equally as great as the rest of the experience . he was patient and helped select which glasses i wanted when it came to that point of the appointment . i 'm very pleased with my referral to dr hendricks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere leaves much to be desired . its kinda dark and it was really cold inside when i went . i hope they will spruce the place up since it seems to be doing well - every time i drive by the tiny parking lot is packed . i went straight for the gyro and got a basic gyro sandwich since i was n't super hungry , but i could have split this with my dining companions . we all ended up ordering the same thing and taking half of it home . portion sizes are very generous . and the chips that came with the sandwich - i am not a big chip person , but i loved these chips and took the extras home with me . looking forward to going back and trying some of the other things on the menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent food ! one of the best places to eat gyros in pittsburgh . i went there with my family . first impression was it is a run down place but food really surprises you . good service fairly busy ( excellent sign of good food ) . i will definitely go here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good variance of grecian fare . i love avgolemono ( a creamy , chicken-lemon soup ) and theirs is the best i 've had . i had a platter with gyro meat , grape leaves , mousakka and pasticia . all of them were delightful and served with warm pita and a generous dollop of tsatziki sauce . this was out first time at this place , and we 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little gem in brossard in a sea of asian fare restaurants in the area . this resto specializes in thai & cambodian cuisine . i ordered a pad thai to go with imperial rolls . the pad thai was a little on the expensive side at 13.95 but it was worth it . cooked perfectly the noodles were not sticky . generous with chicken . i would liked to have seen chop-suey or another vegetable besides a spring of parsley on the top . overall i am happy with what i ate and i 'll be coming back again . definitely better than golden bowl across the street who in my opinion do n't know how to cook any asian dish .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "grande d\u00e9ception . une grande salle fra\u00eechement agrandie bond\u00e9e de gens semblant satisfaits . toutefois , la cuisine offerte par ce restaurant est tr\u00e8s ordinaire . sinc\u00e8rement , pour la moiti\u00e9 du prix et plus de go\u00fbt vous pouvez facilement trouver mieux ailleurs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great neighborhood restaurant with friendly service and good prices . dishes are tasty and satisfying yet light . the eggrolls taste like the ones my mother makes . a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i actually used to study here for hours on end and the staff was always polite and courteous . i should have reviewed this location before . however , i had a another pleasant experience so i had to review this time ! i needed an answer to a complex question over the phone and the girl who answered my phone call was so polite and helpful . sometimes people get so annoyed with phone call questions . plus , starbucks is usually so busy i felt bad calling however the sales associate did not make me feel like i was a burden at all . i really appreciate her patience and courtesy . i definitely recommend this location ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here and ordered pour over coffee with my husband at 9pm . the barista was visibly annoyed by our request even though there was no line . there was no milk or half and half out . rough !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is my home store . i am so lucky to have a drive thru location so close . their drive thru is wicked fast but it wraps weirdly around a cramped parking lot . the exit entrance is narrow on the east side of the lot . it has access to ridge and day dr . the baristas are always friendly and fast and this is a clean location . i would only wish for more outside seating and a bigger location . keep up the awesomeness !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a big starbucks fan , but this location draws me in because of its convenient location and the fact it is one of the few locations where you can buy hot tea ( although it is way overpriced ) . it now sells breakfast sandwiches which are pricey and not very special . service has always been friendly . good choice if you like what they sell .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "everything about this place sucked - i really do n't understand how repeating my order 4 times could result in my order still being made wrong .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to this starbucks location many times during different times of the day and different times of the year and never once have i experienced slow or indecent service . the location itself is clean and the employees there always are nice and will help you with recommended coffees , top food and dessert options , and above all great service all you got ta do is be polite yourself and just ask after all they work there for a reason . i definitely recommended this location and will be visiting again in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the location of this starbucks stinks : the corner of day drive and ridge . ( hello ... .traffic ? ? ) if you park and go inside you may get stuck because at peak times the drive-thru line will wrap around the building preventing cars from exiting their spaces . the interior is super small as well , so this is more of a `` grab and go '' location . service and cleanliness have always been decent when i 've gone there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a pretty standard starbucks . there are a lot of very friendly employees that work here and manage to stay upbeat even when working on holidays . parma is pretty devoid of coffee shops , so this starbucks is always pretty busy -- the drive thru always seems to have a line and when you go inside , there are always other customers in line too . the service can be a bit slow at times because i think they get backed up inside due to drive thru orders .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was impressed with the manager . she moved fast & furious like vin diesel ! we came in after a football game to warm up & we did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast friendly service and good beverage quality . i mean , it 's starbucks , what else can you say ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never had starbucks but i 've been to sooooooooooooooooooooo many of them . i just follow my nose and i end up in one . funny how things work out is n't it . i usually look at the menu but end up walking out empty handed because hey , i 'm my own person are n't i ? if you 're ever trotting around town and need a drink , head inside one of these establishments and watch your dreams come true", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the coffee always tastes perfect , the staff is very friendly , and the service always fast . everything i need from a coffee shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical starbucks . almost always busy . convenient drive-thru if you 're in a hurry . not enough room to lounge . this is not a cafe that you 'd go to with the intentions of reading or studying .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is theeeee best starbucks location i have ever been to . i am a starbucks regular . i come here-and this is the embarrassing truth-about 4+ times a week . the staff is the kindest from all the ones i 've been to , my coffee always tastes perfect and i mean every word .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im a gold card member since 2010 ( ahh college days ) so starbucks is my baby however this particular starbucks is the pitts when it comes to customer service . i use the drive thru and not once have they gotten my order correct . im not a hard to please person , but i think maybe the speaker at this location is messing up , or at least i hope . anyway , the wait times are in the 10-15 min range which is absurd for a starbucks . if you can take the drive up the brooklyn ride road location i would recommend it , if not i recommend heading inside to place and order and you cant be in a crunch for time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my son is in elementary and is a part of the before and after school program , i know he is always taken care of when i have to be to work so early . after school there is always a snack waiting and they have homework time which is fantastic . pla is like family , everyone is so warm , friendly and just overall amazing ! ! ! keep on shining ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this facility is amazing . there is an open floor plan , indoor playground with a kid-sized climbing wall , gorgeous playhouses , and the classrooms are bright and organized . the new owners have revamped the curriculum and kids are learning so much , and teachers have gotten more training and have the opportunity to bring their own ideas into class projects . they provide food and make fresh food daily , provide fruit and veggies and keep the place clean ! it is a special find in the east valley . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are very happy with the staff and location of this preschool . many beautiful and thoughtful changes have been made since the new owners took over from last year . loving hands and warm inviting hugs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has been attending premier since she was 18 months old with ms shireen and is now she is in ms tiffany and ms jessica 's three year old room ... i am super impressed with their modern and unique facility and love the warmth and family feel . the owners are there day in and day out and know every child by their first name ! i have never walked away without a smile or caring words on a daily basis from the director ms stacy ! ! my daughter loves coming to school everyday and i will be very sad when she leaves..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so hesitant to put my son in preschool i waited until he turned 1 to do so . all of the teachers here have been so amazing . they treat my son like he is one of their own and he learns so much . he 's even taught me several words in sign language . i could never send my son anywhere else now that we have found premier learning academy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love premier learning academy , especially after the ownership change . elana and her staff are so friendly and caring . our daughter truly loves going to school and i definitely feel like they really care for each and every one of their students . i also feel like she 's improved in so many academic areas , especially love the teaching of spanish . so if you live in our area and are considering a school for your lil one pla is a great choice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter has been here since she was 2 . it 's amazing how much she knows now , she is potty trained , she can write her name and some words and she also knows all the colors and numbers in spanish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we absolutely love this preschool for our 4 year old daughter ! the staff are so caring and she has learned so much academically . the first time we came in for a tour the owner , elana , was so helpful and really made us feel like we would be part of the pla family by sending our daughter here . i notice all of the other classes every day when i drop off and pick up my daughter . i especially love the 1s class and how loving and caring ms shireen is with those babies . just the type of environment i would have wanted my children in at that age ! i would strongly recommend this school to anyone with children 1-5 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pla is a great place where i feel that the owners truly care about my daughter . they are sisters and have backgrounds in professional education . i 'm amazed every day when i come there what a beautiful and large place it is . you can see that every detail of the place was done with 100 % love and care for the children and not some corporate bottom line . after picking up my daughter one day early i saw one of the teachers , liora , teach the class how to count to 100 by 10s . all the kids were having a blast and they were actually learning ! what a concept ! i think the best part of pla is the family atmosphere that you get there . it 's not a large corporation . instead , you can talk with the owners face to face and know with a doubt that they are doing this for their love for children .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best childcare in chandler ! right when you walk in you are always greeted with a smile and outstanding service . the prices are unbeatable and all the teachers are amazing ! i would highly recommend this place to anyone with young children ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both of my kids attend this school and i absolutely love the staff ! they are so good with both of the kids and my 5 year old is going to start kindergarten this year and has learned so much over this year ! i would highly recommend this school !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i have been nothing but pleased with our experience with pla . they have been so loving to our daughter allowing her to grow and learn . they allowed us to bring our own food as well as worked with us and our drop off and pick up times . we are extremely sad to leave but we moved to another house and our jobs would make the trip to pla too much . take the time and definitely check this place out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding facility with even better staff . my daughter loves going here and most nights do n't want to leave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son absolutely loves this place ! been to many preschools with my four older kids and none even come close to premier learning ... very cool facility ; feels modern and refreshing ; owners are super , sad that we are graduating this year", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love pla ! they provide a fun and nurturing environment for our daughter to learn and play . we know that she will be loved and cared for when we drop her off . all of the staff there is amazing . they genuinely love the kids and their jobs . pla is the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know when i drop my kids off they are well taken care of . they have prepared my son for kindergarten and show such love for my daughter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved them , my daughter can be very difficult at times , but they took her under their wing and she thrived in there", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about this place . the teachers , the office staff and the owners , everyone has been fantastic . they have truly prepared my son over the last few years for his first year of kindergarten . he is well educated among his counterparts that he starting class with . these guys are great ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another awesome visit ! yes , i know - who looks forward to going to the dentist ? this girl does ! stacy does an awesome job cleaning my teeth , and between her and dr. griego i 've had great success keeping my poor gums and teeth healthy . i highly recommend this practice ! great hygienist , great dentist , and wonderful customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all of the ladies ( and gentleman ) at arrowhead family dentistry are so friendly and professional . i live in gilbert now and i still travel all the way across town to go to the dentist at afd because they are the best of the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here . completely unethical and expensive . they were my dentist for 18 years but recent changes in the office have forced me to find a new dentist . not worth the aggravation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff is user friendly and the dentist is great . most dentist try to upsell on additional services . this is the first time i 've been to a dentist and he said you could use this procedure but it 's not urgent so it 's okay to wait . hygienist was friendly and professional . front desk staff was accommodating . definitely recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for years ! arrowhead family dentistry were my husband 's childhood dentists and now mine ! great and thorough treatment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the doctor was very knowledgeable and skillful . the staff was also super nice and kind , and made me feel like their own family . i would highly recommend this dentist to my family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while this place certainly is no 5 star luxury resort , i really had no problems with it . i was a little worried when they could n't find my name in the system when checking in , but my name had been misspelled in the computer . the hotel was clean and had no issues with the staff . it is fairly old though and definitely needs to be spruced up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love that this hotel has vegan food available at the check in desk -- and there 's a vegan restaurant across the street !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed there while going to a concert right next door ! the rooms where clean and nice . the thing that i loved had nothing to do with the hotel , the owners are vegan and had literature in the lobby , also any snack food they had for purchase was also vegan . next time i need a place to stay i will stay there . restaurant across the street is vegan and called bean . i did not have a chance to try . thank you to the owners of this hotel for being green and vegan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stayed at the golden green hotel for one evening and i was pleasantly surprised after reading the reviews on it . we arrived late after check in & it was not a issue . the room was neat and clean , warm water and coffee . my husband and i would definitely stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great park . tons of cool stuff for kids , a couple of ball diamonds , tennis courts , volleyball sand court , and wide open spaces perfect for kite flying . a creek with lots of croaking frogs , a bike path , a little barn , a nice covered shelter , it 's kinda got everything , plus a great location near everything . i 'm a fan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big fun park , with track for folks to walk around on . it has a fun thing for kids , like a splash pad , or something along those lines . lots of tennis courts and soccer fields , along with baseball fields . it 's a cool place , with lots to do for everyone .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mckee farms park is one of my favorite places to be . i raised my kids in that neighborhood and we have many happy memories from there . it is a very well kept park , clean and beautiful . the playground is big and well taken care of . the tennis courts are lit for nighttime play and in good shape . there is plenty of room for a soccer game or to run with your dog . this is a very dog-friendly park and often you will see multiple dogs out for their daily stroll . bikers make good use of the paved areas . i visit about 5 times a week and i 'm so glad this park is available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mckee farms park sits right across the street from my veterinarian , so every time we end up there , we stop at the park afterwords . in addition to abutting a beautiful conservancy with hiking trails and memorial benches , there are multiple play spaces ; soccer , baseball , and basketball facilities , and lots of parking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a big beautiful open space with lovely paved trails , splash pad and playground , adjacent tennis courts , ball fields . the city of fitchburg has many events here over the course of the year . there are basic facilities and lots of parking . this is a nice place to picnic , walk , or just sit and read .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my kids love it here ! high quality equipment , tons to explore , a lot of space to run around . bathrooms nearby . picnic tables and pavilions to eat at .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice , big , fun park that you can do a lot of different activities at : you can just sit and read , take your kids to the playground , or use the fields to play soccer or frisbee . i 've seen a lot of groups do a picnic . there 's a good loop for walking and a short path for bikes through the park , too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would recommend this law firm and especially david villadolid to anyone . he and kim , his assistant , were absolutely a pleasure to work with . they handled my situation quickly and provided me with so much stress relief . i now have a lifelong loyalty to them and am so grateful to have worked with them . thank you so much david and kim . i ca n't thank you enough for being so amazing , professional and available to answer all my questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband had used them for family situations and they are an excellent firm . very established in downtown phoenix and wonderful people who work there . helped resolve many issues and recommendations for this firm is very high .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my own personal opinion . not saying mexican-sushi lovers are wrong , just that it 's not my cup of tea . the mexican flavors get severely dialed down by the mostly tasteless seaweed and sushi rice . the asian flavors are too subtle to reveal themselves through the very strong sauces . the crab mush served with everything is tasty , but not enough to warrant the premium price reserved to medium - high quality sushi . at 11-14 $ per roll , one could expect better than battered rice and a sprinkle of unapologetically bad carne asada . clean place , great service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "no , no , and no . just do n't . if you 're looking for good sushi , go somewhere else . i get the whole mexican sushi concept , but this was just bad . i will leave it at that . take it for what you want . feeling adventurous and want to see if this yelper is wrong ? be my guest . you 'll be $ 40+ poorer and will curse yourself for not listening . two stars are for the cleanliness , but honestly , good service and cleanliness should just come with any dining establishment .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the bad reviews are odd , i 've been coming here for 3 years and absolutely love the sonoran roll . sometimes the waitress does n't speak great english but food is very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was hesitant to try this out , but my other half insisted on it . he ordered a fried sushi with chicken , steak and shrimp in it and i had the teriyaki chicken dish . mine was really tasty , but a little on the sweet side . the restaurant itself was nice . a little hole in the wall hispanic place . they had the hobbit movie playing on the television , so that was fun to watch while we ate . we were greeted in spanish when we walked in , but since i do n't speak it , the waitress was happy to speak english for us . all in all , great little find . next time i 'll be a bit more adventurous and try some mexican sushi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes i 'm hispanic , greeted in spanish and i replied in english , was treated rude from then on . i ordered and asked if he can make it spicy , he said it 's a little spicy already . i asked well can you add spice . he said not really ... .lol seriously . you cant add a jalape\u00f1o ? some sriracha ? besides the crab mixture was not flavorful . guy was rude , greeter ( cashier ) was not inviting . i recommend senor sushi if you want a culture mix with good food and kind service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good . definitely interesting , especially if you choose one of the rolls that 's very different from what you 'd get at a conventional sushi place -- like the roll with carne asada . service was good . the rolls are probably twice as big as the sort of roll you 'd see at a conventional sushi place . we did n't expect that . a single roll was very filling , especially my battered-and-fried roll .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was absolutely horrible . its overpriced , dry and does no justice to prove just how good sushi can be . to make matters worse i found a eyelash in the roll that i ordered . definitely never coming back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "didnt like sushi before till i tried this place ! great service , great sushi ! ! sushi sonora !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutly love this place . i loveee everything on the menu", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was pricey . for some reason i find it odd mixing cultured food together it . it 's kind of disturbing in a gross sense that it turns my stomach . i am glad that people are open to new and different foods but when i think of the kitchen and the back i 'm surprised people do n't get sick .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tienen pobre servicio . tambien es casi impossible a ke contesten el telefono.. como kieren aser negecio si ni pueden aser algo tan fazil , asta parese k me andavan ignorando por k llamaba y no contestaban , sigiia llamando y luego estava ocupada.. despues de comer - llame para k me agregen 2 platos a mi orden , les dije k keria dos platos extras en total 3 y me dijieron `` ok ya esta listo '' como es k estava listo si apenas los acavaba de ordenar ? cuando llege a la casa me di cuenta k los extra dos k compre no eran iguales , y para cabarla estaban frios ... para mi k me dieron dos platos k algien no recogio.. super mal experencia hoy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok not too much fun of mexican suhi . love the japanese sushi period ... .. dont like the fried sushi prices are way to expensive and not even good food . i wo n't be back because too expensive , no happy hour and do n't like fried sushi sorry not a good place for me to eat", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this salon . they are on the higher end for salons but it 's worth every penny . i always get my haircut and highlights here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as someone who has always gone to a barber my first trip to a salon was a pleasant surprise . from the time i walked in it was a great experience and the staff was very friendly and helpful . they offered me a drink while i was waiting and michaela gave me a great , precision cut . she did a fantastic job but i would trust anyone there . on top of that the historic building is also very cool inside . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the # 1 reason i keep going back is because my hair has been fabulous since scott started working his magic . # 2 reason i love beauty bar is the atmosphere . the salon is a former schoolhouse renovated to a beautiful , rustic space . the exposed beams sharply juxtapose against the sparkling chandeliers and wide plank floors . last night while i was there , i cozied up next to the blazing fireplace to get warmed up . how many other salons have a fireplace ? the staff is super friendly and knowledgeable hair artists . give them a try , you wo n't regret it ! they also offer facials , body wraps , massages and waxing . i 'll have to try a facial next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only place i trust with my hair and eyebrow waxes ! ! the atmosphere and decor is reason enough to come to beauty bar ... top it off they have the best stylists around ! so relaxing and rustic in there , i love it ! it is expensive but you get what you pay for . i 'm so glad such an amazing salon is so close by ! ! i 'll be a customer for as long as they are around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great , quick , and cheap for breakfast . zachary , kate , and myself went to breakfast here on sunday . it 's a hopping place . even though it was busy , we were sat in 2 minutes . i got the garden vegetable omelet and hot chocolate . the veggies were super fresh . this reminded me very much of my r.i.p . favorite , four seasons diner restaurant . it 's good that places like this still exist and that denny 's have not taken over the entire universe ... yet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is a 3 at best . the service is ok and the food is ok. their first major issue is the potatoes ! ! in any form are terrible . they use red potatoes for hash browns which are a soggy mess , their fries are soggy and even the baked potatoes are rarely cooked right . second , more than half the time they are out of several items ( even specials ) . third is they are inconsistent with their quality an several dishes . if you are looking for an ok meal and a flexible with what you want this selection will be ok about half the time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "will never come back here again after my 1 year old daughter was served freezer burnt macaroni and cheese that tasted rotten . she was n't eating it and did n't seem to like it , and when i tried it i was disgusted to notice the sour taste .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really want to love this family-run , neighborhood eatery , but i 'm always disappointed . food is only so-so ; last-night 's country-fried steak portion was small , and the veggie ( corn ) could have used a pat of butter . the french fries , however , were excellent . service is good , and has a personal vibe . the location is great , right in the middle of beautiful olmsted falls . i 'm not givin ' up on this place !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was great and staff was very friendly . can get busy and then service is a little slow but the quality of food makes up for that", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mundane . supposedly there are home made pierogis and sausages available . acceptable but nothing i crave on a regular basis . when you do n't feel like cooking something on your own , this place works if you 're in the neighborhood , especially if you enjoy the shoddy decor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "small family diner . they are great for breakfast and are pretty friendly and helpful . my family comes here semi-frequently when we want to go somewhere local instead of places like bob evans or perkins .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "falls is a average local place . nothing stands out . food is average . employees wear old dirty shirts the place is average in clean . they do n't do anything that stands out but the food is acceptable . safe breakfast place if you want plain .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've had lunch here a couple times while working up the street a bit . it 's a nice little place . i say a group of train enthusiasts ( about a dozen ) eating together one day , so i suppose it 's pretty good for groups . i had a sandwich and some soup both of which were pretty good , and the price was very reasonable . the servers where kind and the whole trip only took about 30 minutes , though i 'm sure they would have allowed me to linger and sip coffee if that had been on the agenda for the day . all in all no complaints , i 'll go back for sure . update : went again 1 31 17 . had the fish sandwhich and a cup of cream of potato soup . upgrading 1 star . they servers were nice and the food really hit the spot on this cold dreary day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place for breakfast , i always get the falls omelet with extra cheese . very quaint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for a greasy spoon diner , this place is pretty good . prices are fair and food comes out hot , tasty and quick . get here early because lines form . also check out he falls while you are in the area . there is even a sneak peek from the back of he restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was mediocre . the waitress left a lot to be desired , never checked on us and both checks had to be corrected for overcharges .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like this little spot . it has the family diner feel for sure . it 's right in the middle of town in a little plaza . the inside is a little `` vintage '' and it has tables and booths of all sizes everywhere . the food was great . i ordered the goofy omelet and home fries with a side of bacon . the bacon was crispy and the omelet was jammed packed . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very unfriendly restaurant . i travelled all day from massachusetts and arrived at 7:30 pm . i simply wanted dinner . the hostess told me i could n't eat there because they were closing at 8 ( 30 minutes later ! ) . no wonder no one seems to ever be there . from the reviews i have read , i guess they were good years ago . across the street i found a really popular italian restaurant named matteo 's . they were extremely friendly and have amazing homemade pasta !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it lives up to it 's name , as a family restaurant . the falls family restaurant is filled with families , especially on weekends . it 's the place to bring grandma , bring the kids , get together with friends , and it 's just generally a good gathering place . it 's also a great place to listen to the table next to you - you 'll catch up with the gossip at olmsted , local churches , etc ! the food is good , served quickly and well priced . we ordered breakfast , sausage biscuits and gravy and a greek omelette . both were big , satisfying and did n't empty our wallets .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everyone was super friendly and service was very quick . we went on a sunday for brunch and we 're seated right away and got our food within 10ish minutes after ordering . the food was fantastic ! i just had the pancakes but they were perfect and everyone else loved their food ! total worth the trip and i ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went there for breakfast , and the food was ok . the omelettes were fluffy and non-greasy , and the pancakes were very good . the coffee was real good as well . but , the quirky server insisted on rolling her eyes and making assinine comments about my order when i asked for a cheddar cheese omelet with onions . what 's the matter honey ... have n't you ever heard of putting cheese and veggies in an omelet for chrissakes ? ! and she forgot to bring our home fries as well . someone needs to teach some professionalism to this goofy server ! we wo n't be returning any time soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went on a sunday . very busy . staff was friendly and attentive . had stuffed french toast and home fries . delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service was good but the food came out cold and there were two long hairs in it . disappointing as this place used to be a go to when i was younger . now that there are more options in the community i probably will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good local diner , friendly staff and food delivery to the table was pretty quick . good turkey club and excellent potato pancakes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "met rand out here for the buffet lunch . the place was 3 4 full when we got there about 11:30 . started with a basic salad of greens with some add ins and choice of about 6 dressings . then a couple of pizza trips with some pasta and bread sticks . the pizza was ok , but not great . the pasta was kept in small tins in a warmer and the pizza was under heat lamps . nothing stayed out for long so they have a pretty good handle on how much to have out at any one time . plates were another story , they ran completely out for a short time . i had noticed the server running around asking if people were done with their plates as we got there so i would guess they do n't have enough . it has started thinning out by the time we left an hour later so they apparently have an early crowd for lunch in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delivery was delivered on time when requested . delivery man was friendly . food on the other hand was far from statisfying . have had better food in the past . disappointed this time", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i looove pizza and if i need a quick pizza fix or i 'm super desperate i 'll order from pizza hut . yesterday was the first time i ordered online from this particular pizza hut . i went to pick up inside and that was a big mistake . seriously the worst smell hit me as soon as i walked in the door . it 's was like they cleaned the floors with dirty mops or something . i looked in the back where the `` kitchen '' is and there was food scattered around the floor and i witnessed a pizza pan fall to the floor while two workers walked passed it and did n't bother to pick up , is that normal ? like i honestly would not sit and eat in this restaurant it felt very dirty . i still took my pizza home , like i said i really love pizza..the only reason for two stars is because the food still tasted good , and i did n't die from food poisoning . but yeah , very dirty , gross smelling restaurant .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my husband i went into the restaurant today at 630 . the restaurant was busy , but not overwhelmingly so . while we were standing by the front , two other people were helped . we could not even get someone to acknowledge us , ask us if we wanted to order , or ask us if we had a carryout order . even as we turned to leave , not a single employee acknowledged our presence . we definitely wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this pizza hut ! ! ! my poor sister in law probably hates me because i use to order once a week before i moved . i always get delivery and they are always early and the food is always fresh . i had a problem once with them forgetting the sauce but before i could call , the delivery guy knocked at the door to give it to me . i will truly miss the delivery people lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wish i could give negative stars ! this place was disgusting . flys all over the place , and the pizza was as dry as california in 2015 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time coming here ... . lets just say i wo n't be back . when my sister and i walked in , there was atleast half the tables still full of plates and trash . and my concern is the place didnt look busy at all . they had two tables of people sitting and eating . the food was great and all . but even the service wasnt up to par . the waitress stopped by our table once and that was to drop off the check . i had to flag her down to even fill up our cups which were empty for atleast 15 minutes . the manager of this place needs to stop by here and see how their business is being run . either they do n't have enough people working to cover or the employees do n't care . i 'd be more than happy to drive the extra 10 minutes to another pizza hut to eat . is wont waste the time or money to eat here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good old fashion pizza place ! ! just wanted to say that it was such a pleasure eating at this restaurant with friends today . the service was very good and the guy who help us was extremely attentive . the food was good for a pizza place , not greasy and the crust did n't wilt when you pick it up . just saying ... i am giving it five stars because the food was tasty and on time , the management seemed really nice to us and the waiter was over the top friendly . unlike a lot of fast food places it seemed like they wanted our return business . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a clean freindly environment . a charming staff and a huge menu . our orders are always taken with a friendly greeting and a promot order . have frequented this location and have always been pleased with the product and staff . a salad bar and plentiful . drink refill awaits . the menu now has a. dogbites pizza wow ... . here are some pics enjoy prices here are very affordable awesome deals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here tonight . bummed that they do n't have the sandwiches , and the salad bar needed some attention but our service was awesome ! ! we will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im very surprised with the low reviews and that is why i 've finally decided to write a review . i 've been coming to this pizza hut for years and i 've had a great experience every single time . i have n't tried the lunch buffet its always for dinner . i love that you can sit down and enjoy a restaurant type atmosphere at a pizza place without the games and annoying singing characters . the staff has always been friendly and i 've never seen it messy even on a busy night . the pizza is typical pizza hut pizza its tasty but obviously its not brick oven caliber . the salad bar is what keeps me and my family coming back . the salad always seems fresh with a variety of toppings and dressings you just ca n't beat it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first thing i saw when i sat down was that the table was not clean the bench was also dirty had to wipe the crumbs over to the other side of the table . so the waitress sat me at a dirty booth plus the bench seat had lack of padding hope you like sitting on wood . my silverware was dirty along with my glass . when i was done eating then the waitress decided to see if i wanted a refill when i was getting ready to leave , needless to say no tip for lack of no service from her , then i kept seeing her go into the restroom i wonder if she washed her hands . my question is where are the managers to make sure that those tables are kept clean and wipe down who wants to sit at a table and see dirt . not me . i will not eat there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food and service every time we come here . you ca n't beat the price for all you can eat pizza . the restaurant is always clean , and during lunch it 's never super crowded . they manage to keep the pizza coming , we 've never had to wait for pizza in the buffet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to my knowledge , this is one of the last pizza huts with a lunch buffet . friendly staff , had a great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is usually pretty rude , pizza is usually not fully covered with cheese , if you call in an order advertised on tv or the internet they will not cater to it unless you order off of the internet ( when they had the $ 5.55 pizzas the manager refused to give it to me i ordered it online and nothing was said when i arrived besides here is your pizza ) . its good pizza if that is what youre in the mood for nothing different than any other pizza hut . unlike the other two reviews i have yet to see this place dirty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this pizza hut . also love the sit down atmosphere . try there garlic cheese bread it 's great and most pizza huts do n't carry this ! employees always friendly and happy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in for the all you can eat buffet lunch and spent over an hour and a half there . the pizza was about what i 'd expect , but it was pretty slow coming out and there was n't much of a selection .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we have many choices for pizza these days . i have not had pizza hut in about two years . today they earned my business . great tasting pizza ! ! ! delivery within 30 minutes . friendly staff i dealt with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as soon as i walked in , there was two guys complaining about their order being incorrect . i should had trusted my gut and checked my pizza before going home . to my fault i trusted the employees , bad call . i usually ordered the supreme but this time i wanted more so i decided to order the super supreme with an extra topping of sausage and the bacon with the cheese in the crust . well what a surprised . the pizza i ordered and i counted , 9 green peppers , probably 3 sliced were covered in like 10 little bacon cuts . no olives whatsoever , like 12 mushrooms and 5 onion slices . instead of driving 20 minutes again to get my pizza , i decided to call . they said they could re-make it or give me a 10 dollard credit for the next time . not only did they get my order incorrect but i was extremely angry that there was no damn olives , i chose the credit but for a fact , i would check the pizza next time and go to nypd pizza .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! i 'm the first one to review this place . this place gets a 2 star out of 5 . lets talk about the food first . it 's pretty good and tasteful . there is a bit of a wait to get your order though . the pizza is always good and the crust is excellent . the boneless buffalo wings are very good too , with a few different choices for the sauce . as for the salad bar , that could use alot of attention ( not the cleanest or greatest ) . as for the building itself . the staff could take some pride in making sure that it 's cleaned properly . i was there with my family last sunday 01 29 2012 and they had at least 4 tables that needed cleaning . they all had dirty dishes and it just did n't look like the staff even cared . if they can take care of that issue , this place would be a nice place to eat at .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "have n't eaten pizza hut in years and it was pretty good , nothing like it use to be in the 80 's nice greasy and delicious ! lol ! this location has obviously been around since the 80 's so if your not concerned about ambiance i would recommend . the silver ware needs to be looked at before use it , we went through a few before we got a clean fork and napkin together , the booth had a huge hole in the seat and the carpet needed to be replaced . like i said it 's been around for a while with little to no updating . again ... the pizza was good the cheese breadsticks were delicious . water tasted like toilet water which the server agreed but they did have bottled water ! the server was nice forgetful but nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i did n't know little cesar 's had such nice stores ... apparently i have n't been in a new one in a long time ! ! snagged a deep dish when i saw their grand opening sign . delicious ! ! glad to have a new store in the area for quick dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza is never made `` normal '' at this location . it 's either stale , under cooked , or burnt . i 'm tired of the consistent irregular pizza at this location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a really nice little carsar 's ! ! ! fast and friendly service despite how busy they were ; ) and really good food ! ! check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've tried this location a few times , at various times of the day hoping for something different with each visit . but no , every time i 've gotten a pizza from this location they 're old , dry , and way over cooked . i 'm not sure if their ovens are up too high , but they 're so over cooked that you ca n't even enjoy the crust of the pizzas . highly disappointed because the location is convenient . but nobody likes over cooked pizza .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "little cesar 's is a perfectly good option for your quick pizza options . the deep dish pizza was better than i was expecting . specials are hard to pass up and the staff was friendly . i ordered pizzas not on the specials list so we had to wait for our pizzas , which is expected of course . the biggest concern was the amount of confusions that seemed to create . we had to repeat out order at least 4 times to two different people . seems like they could 've written it down or created a ticket for it . then when the pizza was ready they did n't know what pizzas we had ordered which made confirming confusing . they made the right ones , they just made it confusing , haha . the pretzel pizza was a little too salty for me , but then again i always get unsalted pretzels so i probably should 've saw that coming . all in all we were pleased with our food and will go back again n dr time we want some yummy pizza , quick and cheap .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's little caesars and it 's great ! the deep deep dish is my go to and i 'm glad to see they are still around and doing well . one thing to know is everything is ala carte .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came in on a sunday , grateful i didnt have to cook . many businesses are closed , rightfully , in observation of the lord 's day . there was a young man taking an order from a spanish speaking family , who ordered multiple pizzas , so it was a good sale . nowadays , it is a good assett to have a bilingual employee . this young man was polite , courteous , and efficient . you never know how many customers will come in , not knowing any english .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please do not send your loved one here ! ! ! ! i wanted my mother to be cured so badly , i insisted relentlessly for her to go . they ran tests but were more concerned about her insurance and method of payment than treatment . they did offer a second opinion . however after living with stage 4 cancer for 2.5 years pretty normally , leaving this place she died within 45 days . i feel so guilty ... .. please seek other options . please ! ! ! look at these other reviews . it hurts me to write this but if i can help someone else not mke our mistake , my pain is worth it ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "still waiting to hear from them . i guess my insurance and credit score do not meet their threshold . so all though if and when you get in does n't matter then i guess it is a great place . but average joe , do n't hold your breath , move on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have breast cancer stage 3 with positive lymph nodes . called cancer treatment centers of america regarding possible treatment . they have continuous commercials on tv in the phoenix area . nice guy on the phone -- john -- told me that they do not take medicare or cigna ( ppo ) . i am an rn with advanced degrees and had hoped for a better response . so , i guess if you have millions in cash they will see you . only out for the money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on behalf of my grandmother , we contacted cancer treatment centers in goodyear az regarding her stage 4 lung cancer , as she had seen their advertisements on tv and knew that they worked with advanced cases . although she offered to pay for her visit out of pocket ( she has medicare - but apparently that was n't good enough ) they would n't even speak to her or look at her file until she had set aside 150k in a special account for them . the message was pretty clear . pony up a big wad of cash or we do n't want to waste our time with you - even if you are willing to pay for the visit to get a second opinion . this is a for-profit organization , and as such they serve only the wealthy . while that is their right as a business , i ca n't say i like it much .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am writing on behalf of a dear family friend who was diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer ... .. all i have to say is their marketing team is excellent..my friends experienced the same treatment cheri did in the previous review ... they would not even talk to her until she paid up front ? ! ! excuse me , whey are we donating to `` stand up 2 cancer '' and other cancer funds if they can not assist the ppl who really need the help ? ? is n't that what ctoa claim..they have a heart ... and care ... well all my friend received was a door slammed on her hope ... i feel that they are despicable to do this ! ! corporate america at their finest ... no wonder our country is in turmoil ... ... ... ..if you donate money to this or any other cancer fund please check how the funds are allocated and make sure they assist the ppl that really need it ! ! ! yvette w san jos\u00e9 , ca", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband went to the center in illinois . it began all wonderful and loving but unfortunately there were too many days and weeks that went by without first getting treated for his cancer and then by the time they began , it had grown even more . when he was given chemo , they sent him home and each time had bad reactions and low cell counts that sent him to the emergency room . when you try to call and talk with ctc while you are in the hospital all they can do is change your next appointment date . they do n't call and follow up to see how you are doing - it 's not at all like having your own doctor . and the team of doctors they advertise - sure there is one for every part of the treatment and they will sell you something from their area to make the journey better - yea , right ! my husband became so much worse after beginning treatment there . i wish he had n't gone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff takes very good care of my friend that flys in there every 3 weeks ! beautiful facility ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "starting to worry i 've been going for months . i just found out they are out of network for my insurance ! they repeatedly told me they were in network ! waiting to hear back from their billing department", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was a patient there just over a year ago . great and friendly staff . warm environment , thorough evaluations . i would recommend this to anyone and have many times . follow up tests say i am still clean . cancer is nasty and these people make you feel better even while you are in the middle of it all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can honestly say i could never be more happy my dad 's insurance covered this place . they have been so amazing in giving my dad a great support structure , he has literally 4 different doctors all helping him with gastro ( he has stomach cancer ) , nutrition , homeopathy , and oncology . there have been times we 've had to ask a lot of questions and what not , but the level of care and knowledge they have on how to keep his quality of life up is amazing . also on a purely food based view , of you are her then eat here . the food is so good , consistently . especially their mashed potatoes , they are amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i feel by far this place saved my wifes life , we had no insurance when she was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer and so after a little rejection for not having the correct insurance i went out and got the insurance they accept . after some surgeries , radiation , 6 chemotherapy treatments her cancer has shrunk and i 'm sure i made the correct choice by fighting to get her to dr lynch and her team . i ca n't give thia place enough stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom had stage 3 cancer . they saved her life . they treat you as a person not just your cancer . excellent care . mind body and soul . definitely recommend this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my brother just got home from phoniex . he was so hesitent to go until mergo talked with him . she is wonderful . just direct your loved one and margo , with her loving concern will reel them on in ! my brother loved the whole center , he said it is the mercedes of healthcare and it is a class act , in everyone aspect . he know where he will go for help if and when he needs more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pool company . i bought a used home with a pool that needed some work and used these guys . i had a leak in my system that cause loss of power . they fixed it quickly and gave me a really good deal on parts labor i used them again to do a plaster repair on a big rust spot . they came out and fixed it quickly . i was also interested in acid wash but did n't want to spend alot of money . they were kind enough to give me detailed instructions on how to do it myself . great people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "complete aquatic solutions is by far a professional , experienced and quality service . being out of state , i rely on jeff to take care of my waterfall pool and spa combo . he does an amazing job and incredibly personable , reliable and has on some occasions done some light gardening and landscaping to help keep foliage from going into the pool . i highly recommend jeff , he 's again dependable , honest , punctual , hard working and my tenants report always being able to use he pool at any time , day or night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want to be treated with respect , care and like family , complete aquatic solutions is the company to use for all your pool needs . the owner , jeff is always making sure that our pool and equipment is in working condition all year long . as for jeff 's employees , they are respectful , professional and go the extra mile . we look forward to a spectacular summer with a glistening pool !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jeff and his team have always been on point ! i 've never had any service issues in the last four years that i 've done business with complete aquatic solutions . i always recommend them to friends searching for a new pool cleaning and service company . you can call other places if you want , but you will always come back to jeff and his team for the service you deserve . he is always there when you need them in the most professional manner . i had a motor issue recently and he had everything back up and running the next day . stop your search and just give complete aquatic solutions a call now for all your pool needs . thank you very much jeff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the heat is on and you can cool off with some treats at this relatively new spot in north las vegas . i came here for the mangonada aka chamango aka mangolada : so many names for the tasty concoction of mango , sherbet , lime juice , chamoy sauce , chili powder , and a tamarind straw . here you can get two scoops of sherbet , choosing mango , chamoy , or the combo flavor . i chose one scoop of the combo and one of the mango . refreshing , the drink is a little sweet and a little spicy and all good . paletas also sells ice cream , juices , nachos , flan , elote , and more . i tried the equites with everything , meaning mayo , cheese , chili powder : yum ! if you 're in the area , check them out for a delicious michoacan snack .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "decent little paleteria nothing too fancy . we seen the new sign and decided to give it a shot . if in the area stop by other wise do n't go out of your way to come here . there are so many mexican ice cream shops in vegas , and this one was mediocre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bad costumer service , kinda expensive for bad no flavor desserts , & the workers forget to give your change back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great mexican desserts , snacks , ice creams huge portions for great prices and amazing customer service and they have stamp cards", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . was driving around running errands and starting craving a raspado . this place is heavenly . definitely coming back . the woman was so nice and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and helpful . a lot of options to choose from . ice cream was delicious . i will be returning many times", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is by far the best if you are craving some good mexican deserts . i started going about 6 months ago and have been hooked ever sense . then i found out they have elote ! ! ! omg just a little peice of mexican heaven to bless north vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "location is kind of hidden , behind the ruby tuesdays . building is nice , open and very clean . staff seemed kind of disorganized and do n't have a clear process as to how they help people . they make one of your items at a time and then come back and ask you for your next item . but staff was friendly and helped fill our large order . overall it was a good experience and their service was faster than other places that provide the same antojitos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tienen helados con frutas naturales , elotes sabrosos y botanas de todos tipos . yo recomiendo este negocio para comer sus bocaditos favoritos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a mexican dessert ! , and the customer service is great , been here twice and i love it ! , i will sure be back often.no disappointments , the mangoelados are the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am beyond excited about this place ! make sure you give it a try ! they have ice cream and paletas ( iced pops ) of all flavors ranging from strawberry to arroz con leche . it feels very authentic to paleterias in mexico , so i feel home . it seems to be a family owned business , so they are very kind and helpful . the line may be long depending on the time . i went around 7 pm and did n't even line up , but around 8:30 the line was curving outside the door . they sell about any botana you 've ever dreamed possible in one place , so i think it 's hard for them to get it out as quickly as they get customers . i sat down for a paleta and left with esquites ( elote en vaso ) and a kinder egg . everything is affordable with paletas at $ 2 . i will be back for their aguas frescas soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a very friendly staff . they also have the best agua de horchata i 've tasted in nlv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place tastes just like home ! reminded me of getting ice cream en la plaza in my pueblo en michoacan ! would recommend to everyone ! the owner was so friendly and really welcoming . i recommend the bionicos , fresas con crema y granola and definitely pick up a mexican bottled coke while you 're there ! will be coming back very soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best place to go for any botana ! we have been here 4 times and i can say that , i will never go to any other place now . we just went a few days ago and i had no idea they were about to close until i saw them turn the open sign off ... i quickly got up from the table and apologized but , they insisted very kindly we stay and finish so we could enjoy our food comfortably ... the customer service is impeccable ! they are all about their customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place the owner is always so kind and friendly and also gives you samples so we can try new ice cream flavors . i love the mangoladas as well as the corn on the cob and the churros locos they also have amazing agua frescas like horchata . this place is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered a mangolada , bionico , chicarones , and a scoop of mint chip ice cream . everything tasted so good ! customer service is big for me and the man helping me took time to explain the menu and answered all of my questions", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here with my friend frannie , by referral of my sis ~ had the chix & pork tamales & mangolada ! ! thanks lalo : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place just opened about a week or so ago and im happy that it did . north las vegas was in need of an awesome place for ice cream , raspados , aguas frescas and botanas . their ice cream is delicious , raspado was amazing and their cueritos are good quality . not to mention the great customer service . its worth stopping by . este lugar acaba de abrir . todo esta delicioso fresco y natural . de buena calidad y buenos precios . tambien son muy amables siempre que he venido .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new place around my neighborhood . clean , friendly and good prices . i had the agua de fresa de leche , it was just right in regards to sweetness . my husband had the tamarindo spicy raspado , it was delicious ! they have a lot of toppings in the counter to add , tajin , chamoy , etc..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place . the staff is really nice ! the treats were amazing ! ! i 've found my new go to spot for refreshing treats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service with great people everything is delicious the elote en vaso , ice cream , paletas , bionicos , churros locos are amazing we 'd keep going back to try a little of everything never disappoint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing this family owned business deserves all the praise we can give them they are amazing and make you feel rite at home came in with my family for my two year olds birthday and they made us feel so special ! they have all the great mexican treats i grew up eating and they are all hi quality . they have cut no corners and for my own good i hope this place is here for many many more great memories with my family . check it out i dont think you will be disappointed i know i was n't ! ill be back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "milkshakes are my favorite ! and they are always so nice . it offers everything and its hours are very flexible for a late night snack ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time here and i will definitely be back . i ordered the mangoladas and tostilocos . the lady there loaded up the tostilocos and everything was so good ! the man who rang us up was nice and explained how the mangoladas was made with the mango chile flavored sorbet because that 's the most popular . i 'm glad there 's a place that is near me that has these tasty snacks !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am so glad that there is finally a mexican ice creamery very close to my home . this place is new and it compares to the traditional mexican ice cream shops the place is clean they have friendly staff and i am glad i do n't have to travel all the way to north las vegas , this is las ; vegas , but not all the way to the other side of the world . i highly recommend this place and they can expect me here every sunday . lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they were really helpful , as this is my first purchase and i felt like i was walking onto a used car lot when i walked in . there is parking in the alley behind the building . there is a huge selection of bulk grain , so you can get exactly what you want . the store is small , and not intimidating . the employee was super patient with his recommendations , did not try to sell me the most expensive things . i would give them six stars , if they brewed on site and gave classes . seven if they sold cheese kits and scobys . eight if they gave complimentary mani-pedis while serving store craft brewed hefeweizen and cheese . tee hee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to the wine and hop shop - they 're so chill and helpful , letting you serve yourself or get help . there 's always a few good things on tap , too ( and my kids like the homemade soda ) . grain is very reasonably priced , especially if you get a `` grain card , '' as you can then get any specialty malt for a buck a lb , and they are fine with you bringing your own 2-row . go there , even if you are n't a brewer and are just walking down monroe . it 's my favorite store in madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive a couple hours to get my brewing equipment from here . they have had everything i need to make mead . their in-store free samples ( of beer ) are appreciated .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you ever thought of making your own beer or wine this is the place to start . the staff enjoy their jobs and their jobs are helping you to make beer and wine . i have done both for almost 10 years and this shop has always had what i needed . great variety of beer kits that can help you learn what is possible before you start making your own recipes . i 've only done three wine kits but those too were fun and enjoyed by family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best magic show in vegas ! ! ! i have seen almost every show in town from my previous job as a concierge on the strip . the first time i saw mac king , i pretty much laughed the whole time . i have since seen the show 3 more times and i always leave with my sides hurting from laughing so much . it is just as much fun for kids as it is for adults . it is also a great value . there are always coupons and deals floating around for the show in local magazines and online . if you want to have a great family outing during the day , go see this show !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to see this show in may , as i love magic , and , i have to say , i really enjoyed it . it was funny , really funny ( i love this kind of humor , a little bit naive , childlike , with a lot of innuendos ) and even if i 'm not totally fluent in english , i was able to understand everything . some of his jokes , i still do n't know where he found it ... but i loved it . this is definitely a super show with a lot of fun and good tricks , and i can only recommend to go and see it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best bang-for-your-buck show in vegas . i 've paid good money to see david copperfield and penn & teller , and although both other shows are worth it ( well maybe not copperfield 's ) , mac king 's show is about 1 6 of the price . it 's a hilarious family friendly magic show , and although he doesnt have all the big fancy props and beautiful models like mr. copperfield , his tricks still amaze me . after the show , mac 's still cool enough to take pictures and sign autographs . david was too good to do that ... ... .. = ( for the price of a cheap buffet , i 'll be damn sure to see mac king again next time i visit sin city", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mac king puts on a really fun family show . he includes a number of audience members and is great at ad libbing with audience comments . he is really very funny and has some great magic tricks . if he had snazzier back drops and promotion he would probably be in a much more expensive casino show . definitely worth the $ $ $ .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a reasonably priced honest performance . good show for kids during the day . mac king is a nice and humble performer with great tricks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mac king is such a doll . he is hilarious and very talented . everybody who works there is simply amazing and really take care of you . my now fiance surprised me by proposing at the mac king show on 07 04 2014 . when he contacted them they said they would take care of everything and that it was a great idea . and boy did they take care of everything . everybody , especially mac king , made our day so special . one that we will never forgot . and what was even better , they did n't even want any compensation . they were simply happy to help and be part of our moment . our friends and families have not stopped talking about it . after i was up on stage with the surprise proposal that mac king played out so marvelously , we stuck around and really enjoyed the show . even though i was over the moon that we had just got engaged and could n't really concentrate , mac king was still making us crack up and fully entertained . we will definitely come back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got 2 free tickets to the mac king comedy magic show at harrah casino . the only catch was that you had to purchase 1 drink per person which is about ten dollars . the show is about one hour long and it was fun . had a lot of great laughs and was entertained throughout the show . great for kids . mac king will ask people to come upstage to help with his magic tricks . the show is in a small theater venue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great show ! we loved it . the price of tickets is reasonable and the schedule of the shows are great . nice to hear that there were afternoon daytime shows in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our tickets to this show were free , dependent on us buying drinks . the drink of choice was a pina colada and that was one hell of a good pina colada . the seats in the theater were so tight and crammed that it would make airline seats look like a couch . i understand the need to make money , but why not just have more shows with more comfortable seating instead of less shows and crammed seating ? the show itself was pretty cool . mac king is a great magician and has a good sense of humor which moves the show along pretty well . i have nothing really to compare it to so for what it is i would say i was satisfied with the show overall . personally to me , it seemed more like a family event and maybe not so much for adults but nonetheless it was still enjoyable because kids laugh at everything and lighten the mood up a bit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "totally worth it . seems like a nice person . funny . our kids enjoyed it and tried to figure out how he did all of his tricks . get there early as it 's open seating unless you pay for reserved seats . afterwards mac king came outside to sign autographs , take pics , he did pitch his stuff ( ie . magic kits ) but nothing was overly priced . as others have mentioned there are some adult jokes but our kids were too young to get them . funny for us though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this may be the best magic show i 've ever seen and i 've seen many . it 's hilarious . mac is incredible . the tricks will have you wondering how he did it all . the show has something for everyone . you could take your kids and still be rolling in the isle because the `` adult jokes '' will go right over their heads . the show is inexpensive and you get way more than your money 's worth . if you 're in vegas and you need something to do during the day this is a must see . if you do n't like it there is something simply wrong with you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "entertaining and affordable . go to the harrah 's info desk for free tickets coupon before heading to box office to pay your `` drinks '' minimum . $ 26 for 2 . slightly older guy with likeable personality and simple jokes . lamp went bust during show , taking 5-10 mins to replace . understandably low budget for the price . quite enjoyable , worth your time in vegas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was able to see this show with my girlfriend last june . this show is very enjoyable , as mac king is funny , and a talented magician . i would imagine every show can be different as he participates with people from the audience and the show me and my girlfriend watched seemed so random and the people he chose were also so random that it can be hard to believe it was all staged . anyways the show may be good for children , like a review mentioned before me , there are bits of adult humor here and there but not enough that kids would react to very much , not to mention he had a small child participate in the performance . we enjoyed mac king very very much and recommend anyone and everyone to come to this afternoon show .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great show ! i was laughing the entire time . so funny ! loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "during my recent trip to vegas decided to see the mac king show ( this past tues. ) at harrahs with a friend for the 2nd time ( in the past few years ! ) mac king is a great , funny , & talented performer , do n't let the inexpensive price fool you- ( plus you can use yelp or use other coupons as well ) i would definitely go again & recommend mac king for an afternoon magic comedy that will keep you laughing from the time he arrives on stage til the very end .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to give the 3pm show a try after reading reviews and we were not disappointed . lots of laughs and impressive magic . comfortable theater style seating encompasses front half of venue . bar located inside rear , seats have drink holders .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! he got my husband on stage for a trick - so funny ! worth the walk !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the few and probably the best children 's show in las vegas that also appeals to adults . the mac king show provides a great mixture of comedy and magic . the tricks are not as grand or magnificent as other much pricier shows on the strip , but interesting enough to keep both adults and children entertained . my six year old daughter has been to the show two years in a row and mac king incorporates enough subtle changes to the show to make returning at least once a year worthwhile . we used the yelp vouchers both times which saved us money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best shows i 've seen in vegas . the magic itself was spectacular . mac king was very engaging and have lots of audience participation . the show was focused on magic , but he constantly did funny things to make us laugh the entire time . i had a great time and really enjoyed it . he seems like a very sincere person and really appreciated that we chose to watch his show . he even took photos with us after the show . i definitely would support him in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the show was very fun . got a great table seat where my daughter could easily see the show . unfortunately mac did not come out after the show for photos and to autograph his book . the show lasts for only an hour . recommend mac help out young magicians by adding a 5 to 10 minute opening act .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had gotten married in las vegas this year in 2016 , may and the day after i had wanted to see a good show but i was torn between a good comedy , or a magic show . so , after i did some searching i found a good the best of both worlds ! we went to see mac king , and not let down on how funny he is , and how i was still taken on his magic . me , and my wife even got to get call up on stage ! it was the most memorable day i 've ever had in las vegas . i recommend him for a good time , and would go back again when i make another trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite of all time vegas shows . i am in love with mac king and ca n't stay away . i 've been to his show half a dozen times and will likely go again next time i am there . maybe i 'll bring my own `` cloak of invisibility '' do n't miss it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought tickets on yelp back in june of this yr . it was a great show for 25bucks each ticket . we got to sit right in front . mac king is very entertaining . you will not regret this show .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great show for both kids and adults . my 10 & 13 yr old boys had a blast . they both said it was their favorite thing in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my 8 year old daughter to this show and she loved it ! i enjoyed it also . for a nice afternoon show in vegas on the strip this is a big thumbs up . we purchased tickets right before the show at the harrah 's box office . purchase the full price vip tickets and you get to enter the theater first and if you paid full price ... front row for you ! if you can not afford $ 49 for a show in vegas maybe you should rethink your vacation and get back to work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was n't blow your socks off but the most enjoyable part was the interaction with the crowd and those that ended up on stage with him to help with the act .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like he says he 's the best afternoon comedy show in las vegas [ or is he the only afternoon comedy show ? ] get a 2 for 1 coupon . it 's a great show for the price , we enjoyed it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! this is still one great show on the las vegas strip . i took my 12 year old daughter to the 3:00 pm show and she and i really had a blast . do yourself a favor and upgrade to the vip tickets and get in line nice and early as there is no assigned seating . a $ 20 tip to the maitre ' got us seated in the first row center . mac provides nearly 90 minutes of high energy and high comedy magic . just the right amount of naughtiness to keep the adults entertained and really solid magic from start to finish . mac will be out front after the show for autographs and pictures !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i saw mac king last summer in las vegas . he was very entertaining and all 3 of my kids ( 11,10,7 ) enjoyed the show . it is n't easy to find something that all my kids enjoy together . mac performed some amazing magic tricks and was very funny . a show my family will remember for a long time . i would definitely recommend seeing his show if you get a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i thought this show was great ! ! i love magic and mr. mac king himself was great ! ! usually my husband has an idea of how magicians do their different tricks , but mac king had him stumped . ha ! ! i thought that was pretty fun , too ! he makes things disappear , reappear , come out of his body and in other people 's pockets . we thought he was fantastic ! ! he took pics after the show with his audience which i thought was great . we had a lot of fun at this show ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mac king is a very impressive and entertaining performer . he 's got a great attitude , and his show is legitimately funny . it 's clear that he spent a lot of time and effort on polishing his act to be up to the quality expected on the strip . another bonus : it 's completely kid friendly . actually , kids are encouraged , and the prices are so reasonable that you wo n't feel you are spending too much . a few of the acts are easy to spot the illusion trickery ; however , it 's so entertaining on the comedy side that i can look past those . give this guy a large bankroll and a production team , and he could be doing evening performances for thousands each night at $ 100+ ticket prices . i 'll be back on my next visit . and probably the one after , too . it was really that impressive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoy every moment from start to finish it is worth every dollar and there is something for everyone young or old", "score": "5"}
{"review": "funny with good tricks and did n't cost much , ended up being one of my favorite shows in vegas", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hilarious and amazing show ! ! ! the whole family had the best time . the comedy was great and the tricks were even better . we were all laughing hysterically and in awe of the magic performed right before our ideas . we do n't know how he did everything and we were in the front row . a must see ! ! ! we could not recommend it more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a far btter show than i thought . this show was actualiy really really really really funny ! ! ! he kept us laughing the whole time and had some pretty amazing tricks as well . this show is good for families because it involves the kids but it also has sublte adult jokes . had a lot of fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great show , we had a lot of fun . he keeps you guessing the whole time . it 's a small venue so you feel more involved . you can find deals on tickets , just ask around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped by at this place randomly , and were definitely not disappointed ! it had a big sign saying `` new management '' out front . everything looked fresh , they even make homemade bread , prices very reasonable , friendly staff , the owner was very kind and helpful , the shawarma 's were delicious , and they were made quick . the owner was very appreciative of our business .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live around the corner from this place and was desperate one day and decided to give it a try ... .it is delicious ! it is now my favourite shawarma place . the chicken is not fatty and is flavoured very well . the tomatoes are ripe ( so rare ) , they do n't skimp on toppings . i get the small chicken shawarma salad and they pack it with lots of veggies and lots of meat for $ 5 . their sauces are also delicious ! check it out you wo n't be dissapointed . they make their own homemade bread ( white and whole wheat ) and many flavours of bolani too . owner is always there and very focused on providing a good customer experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wish this place would open again . it was the best shawarma place in east york . everything was always fresh and the owner took being clean very seriously ! farsad ( the owner ) was a great guy and his food was amazing . i hope he opens another place in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one star , only because i have to give a star to write a review . i 'm going to get straight to the point , i purchased an instant dosa mix and a packet of vermicelli ( amongst other things ) . the vermicelli - i discovered after i purchased it that the original packing had torn and to keep the vermicelli from falling out , the store had packed it in a second layer of plastic . very creative but no thanks . rava dosa mix - peeled back the price tag to see that it was past expiry . i 'm going to try and post those pictures here . in both cases , one could argue that it was my fault that i did n't check out what i was buying . agree . but is n't it also the seller 's responsibility to ensure quality and integrity of their products ? this incident makes me not want to go back to arora . ever . again . on a positive note , the store manager was helpful and friendly so maybe the one star goes to him .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cheap eats ! samosas 2 for $ 1 , bulk candy and snacks such as trail mix , nuts , indian sweets , indian snacks . everything is very inexpensive . so far it seems to be a good shop to buy quick snacks or get some various indian staples . they also carry other international foods as well as a growing stock of organic items . this is the place beside strictly bulk , and they are under new management and there 's been a lot of great improvements . sometimes the fruit and vegetables can be past their prime , which is usually not something i 'm into . however . this is not always the case and you can find some good deals on fresh fruit and veg . it 's worth a stop by to stock up on some things , and i imagine its good to visit over the next while as the stock of items builds up more and more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "its highly over priced and even charged tax on food which is non taxable . bad thing i did not ask for the receipt and compared price with other store put me in shock that its 3 times the prices at other store . do not recommend and will never be going there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was planning to make some fancy jello shots for a friend 's bbq and when i was walking by these guys to go to the bank they had a big bucket of limes out with a price of 4 for $ 1 . bam ! limes all around ! i needed 16 limes so this seemed like a pretty good deal without having to put in any effort . the jello shots turned out fantastically btw , thanks for asking .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "want to cook east indian goodness for your belly , but live in the west end ? arora is the answer to your prayers ! previously close to dufferin , the store has recently relocated to ossington , but it still carries an exhaustive supply of indian spices . sweets , snacks and prepared food . in it 's earlier avatar it used to be primarily known for its wide variety of east indian goodies , but in its new avatar , arora has become more cosmopolitan . the new location sells nuts by the bulk , has an organic section including kale chips and sells coffee beans as well ! the selection of veggies is limited and the samosas ( admittedly pretty cheap ) can be stale at times . apart from that it 's a pretty nifty place to do some quick groceries . it 's a well lit and clean store and the owner is a pretty decent chap . 3.5 stars for satiating my east indian cravings in the west end !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "golf course : very well maintained . pace of play is quite reasonable . staff is courteous and polite . the snack bar has great food that is made on the spot or in the clubhouse . clubhouse : i believe the head chef changes by the season . they bring in chefs from the 4 seasons hotel group . the food is generally good and the service is fair . it is n't lightning fast but i mean , most often than not , you are n't there to have a quick meal . i usually rate a restaurant on it 's value but in this case , because the club is exclusive , i think it adds to it 's value . it is nice to be able to make a reservation and walk into the restaurant and enjoy a meal without other noisy people , rude staff and long waits . the wait staff is amazing and they remember everyone by name . the only downside is that the country club is not open to the public .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stayed 20 minutes trying to convince the sales man i only needed one plug , he was very unhappy that i only bought one . he apologized to the man behind me like i was the problem . i will never shop at napa after this experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok , you may be able to get it cheaper at some other places but if you need the right part with the best quality and professional service , skip the others and go here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always received the level of service that i expect when using a retail chain ran under solid management . they seem to keep a good level of inventory and what is n't available in-house they seem to procure in 48-72 hours , in most cases . the employees seem to be a bit more knowledgeable when compared to the competition and also seem to be a bit more efficient in moving the line through . lastly , the quality of napa 's house brands are far superior to any other outlet , imo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is clean . fast service , and the soft drinks are perfect . generous on the fries . the burger was a bit weak . this location is not a franchise . that 's very important in the burger king world . the franchise locations are never as clean and priced higher .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "who cares if they really do microwave their burgers ? they taste good . and who cares if their chicken tenders are made from leftover chicken gizzards ? they taste good . that should be their motto , `` burger king : we 're good at turning sh t into tastiness ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "but they are improving and the rodeo burger is back . even with that though it is still the worst fast food around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered chicken fry combo . came home and noticed there was only 3 fried in a box . called a store , no answer . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried going a taco hell drive thru again ... another one under construction ! what is up with that ? ! ? so she went to bk ... and pretended like i never order fast food , had to drive up to explain just how i wanted my chicken sand ... apologized profusely for not knowing the menu . lol they were very nice although they charged me for a soda even though all i asked for was ice . i have got to stop this fast food track i 'm on or i wo n't fit in my cute new car ! sometimes it 's just so damn convenient and when you are always in a hurry like me , this bk drive thru meets your needs quick !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so not only did they forget the first thing i ordered and had to run my card again after i checked the bag and realized i did n't have it but this is what they advertise as a sausage egg and hashbrown burrito . and they want 15.00 dollars and hour . what a joke", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bk is n't on the top of my list for fast food ... but once in a while i want a bacon , egg , and cheese croissanwich . this place is okay , even though one time i got an icee that was kind of yucky so i had to throw it away - i do n't even want to know what happened to it . i 'll still come back for my croissanwich though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love chicken sandwiches . so , naturally i was psyched to try the new crispy chicken sandwich at bk . seriously , i should sue for false advertising . tasted like burned bun and looked like the bottom of a shoe . this location is hit or miss , but we were close so stopped in . hubby got ill a few hours later , my dog would not eat the left overs . we will never go back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty sad when you go in and your looking at a picture of what the burger should look like and when you get it , it is a big joke ! so we went in and tried the new steakhouse king burger . such a disappointment . the picture shows it over flowing with bacon and dried onions on it and sauce . ha ! whatta joke . opened up it and you get 2 little 1 inch bacon pieces and 3 chunks of dried onion and sauce there was none on it . the only thing it had going for it was 2 big meat patties and cheese .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slow . this is not fast food . why are the drinks going back and forth from the service window to the car in front of me ? drinks should only go out . and why , after an interminable wait , is my food not ready and the guy at the window is disin the middle of the afternoon when there is no one behind me ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know what the girl at the drive thrus ' problem is this morning 11 17 but she does not deserve to have a job . pissed me right off this morning clearly has no idea what is going on and does n't seem to care . never going back there and beware to everyone else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came through the drive through thinking it was past time for them to be serving breakfast , but the menu still showed only breakfast . thinking i was still a little ahead i just decided to order breakfast and ordered a number seven . got home and found a whopper jr. in the bag . guess they were done serving breakfast even though the drive thru menu begged to differ . fries were lukewarm at best . i do n't know why they offer the whopper jr. on something other than the kid 's menu ; it 's so tiny , but that 's not this location 's fault .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice kids some days and horrible creeps other days . who hires here , the lotto ? also , mustard is a condiment . its not part of the main course , nor is a burger supposed to have a huge glob in the middle which masks out every other flavor and makes my eyes bleed . you can do better , should do better.keep trying !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "yeahhhhh , this location needs some customer service overhaul . corporate should spend more money on training and quality hires then fancy building improvements . you can shine an old penny but guess what ... it 's still only worth one cent . # burgerking", "score": "2"}
{"review": "teacher shopping today and goodwill was our first stop . we found lots of math review cards , and a couple of good books , one for the classroom and one for my hubby . we also looked for organizing options for my classroom markers , but did not find anything that quite fit the bill . tip : thursday , special colored tags are $ 1.50 . alternate saturday , goodwills of central az all have 50 % off items . be warned , it is a zoo . on sundays , if you bring your teacher or student id or military id , you get 25 % off your purchases .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my dad 's wife donated his clothing to goodwill after he passed away two months ago . she did not remember that he had hidden my mother 's wedding ring and several others in his suit coat pocket . so the jacket was donated with the rings in it . i am heartbroken that i did not get the ring i had made for my father from my mother 's engagement ring diamonds . if you find or found the ring please contact me at whoabudy @ sbcglobal.net . i am so devastated by the loss . i do not live in arizona .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to this location probably a million times and for the most part have had nothing negative to say , but tonight i was shopping while nursing my baby and a manager , georgia , who had been staring for a minute gave me a disgusted look as she said , `` ma'am , can you cover that up please ? ! '' um , no , no i will not , and considering goodwill hq just addressed this bullshit a few months ago thanks to an ignorant employee tweet , i was surprised and upset by her request . i was feeding my child ; there is absolutely nothing inappropriate about that . also , what georgia did is illegal and hq should be ashamed to have let such an ignorant person manage their store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for some reason i can always find what i 'm looking for when i 'm here . costume for halloween ? check . quick donation drop off area ? standard . carefully stocked ? well , as well as you can expect with used items . it 's my favorite goodwill . not amazing , but usually pretty good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an appointment at 1:30 . showed up at 1:25 and nobody was there ( even though it says open at noon ) . receptionist finally showed up to let us in but the artist was nowhere to be found . we waited for a half hour and she never showed up . that 's extremely disappointing and unprofessional . seriously everyone , go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was the worst experiance ever . the owner becky was taking care of other clients while working on me . the lines are all crooked the coloring incomplete . i have had to go somewhere else and pay again to get my tattoo and my daughters fixed completely awful place to go do not waste you time or money . we believe the owner was on something , she kept disappearing every 15 minutes . in addition i was informed today that i am scarred from becky using a barbed needle on me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love anutattoo bedford ! becky is so nice - she 's one of my favorite people and she makes the experience so comfortable and fun ! most places i 've gone to have had a bunch of stuck-up dudes hanging out smoking weed and acting like they 're god 's gift - not becky ! and everyone else i 've met there has been so friendly and welcoming ! great place to go for a newbie or an experienced canvas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible tattoos . they 'll rip you off big time . charge 3x the price it should be . and mess up your lines like non other . do not go to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the closest places for pho around here , i decided to try it out . walking into the restaurant , we were asked how many people there were and were greeted nicely . the servers offered us tea and gave us a chance to look at the menus . i was still looking through the menus and i sensed the server standing right there looking at our table as if they wanted us to hurry up with our order , so we quickly ordered . we got the pho and the rice with lemongrass pork . the food tasted average for a vietnamese restaurant , pork was cooked nicely , etc . however , i 'm giving it a lower rating because most of the food was not hot enough . the pho got cold pretty quickly , and the noodles were n't the fresh type of noodles that i like to eat . the beef that was in the pho had quite a bit of fat in it as well . in addition , i felt quite thirsty after eating the pho , indicating that there was quite a bit of msg in the soup base .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come here often for vietnamese noodle . i come here mainly for the convenience , because it is close by my house , and the service is fast . however , the quality of the food is not particularly great . the noodle is generally soggy , the meat and brisket is hard , the soup has a lot of msg . well , you get what you get for the price you pay . the dishes are actually quite cheap . this place is n't bad if you want to cure your hunger with some vietnamese noodle fast !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for dinner last night and i enjoyed the food here . their soup broth is pretty delicious and not too salty . also felt like my body was so clean from drinking it lol . their deep fried king oyster mushrooms are also a hit . they are on the spicy side though . i would come back here for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good portion of meat served . the broth is not as good as i have tasted in other pho places . i 've traveled to different countries including vietnam to try both the beef n chicken pho . their beef broth is 7 10 and chicken broth is 3 10 . a bit oily on the soup . the vietnamese spring rolls is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really like this place . the soup for their pho is delicious . when i eat here , i usually order a small pho because it 's quite a lot . i also recommend their vermicelli dishes too . the meat is not fatty like some other places and grilled to the right temperature . their shrimp rolls are 4 dollars . they are pretty decent size too . recently i tried their appetizer platter . i recommend it as it gives a sample of all their known for appetizers . it 's never too busy here so i like that . when you need something , the waitress gets it to you quite fast . the owner is also really friendly , we came to eat around closing time once and he said not to worry , he is in no rush and would wait until we are done . i 've been here maybe 7 or 8 times in the last 3 years . i think the quality has been consistent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "modest house over here - in no way is this place fancy . the decor itself is decent but as a whole the entire restaurants vibe tells you how their food will be . i 'm always coming back for a great priced bowl of pho or pad thai and always getting their salt and pepper tofu for $ 5 ( nice portion too ) . i 'm a local here and this place has been with us for awhile and i hope it does n't go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beware everyone ! ! ! please take caution when ordering anything chicken or beef . they 're not actually chicken and beef . they speak vietnamese here . i overheard the staff talking behind the cash .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really love their house special noodles ! especially the soup and the garlic bits that you can add to it . their pho is okay tasting as i have had better elsewhere . service is okay . portions are too small and hours of operation is too short ( last call at 9:45pm ) . prices are too expensive for some items like spring rolls . would not recommend this place for pho .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amongst the busy t & t plaza , small shops and banks , kim bo is a hidden gem if you 're ever up for some vietnamese food . when i first walked in , the spacious layout , and simple yet elegant decor had some good appeal . thankfully when i arrived the place was not too busy , with a few clientele here and there . the service was very efficient , and their menu with pictures were well layed out . in the end i ordered their classic vietnamese pho noodle soup with 'all the works ' in either small $ 6.50 or large size $ 7.50 , i opted for the small bowl which was more than enough . portions were satisfying , taste was perfect ( no too salty ) and their prices are very reasonable . we ordered their spring rolls served with fish sauce for starters which was an enjoyable eat : ) overall i 'm glad i came here to kim bo , great service , great food , clean place and reasonable ... . what more can you want ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as someone who loves pho , i am somewhat disappointed with this place . 2.5 for the pho ( $ 8.50 for large ) . i got the house special pho that has every topping . the beef contained some fat and did n't seem fresh . i felt disgusted so i removed half of my beef away . the broth was very bland . it tasted very flavourless and watered down ... as if they did n't have enough soup and just put boiling water in it . on the bright side , they were pretty generous with the noodles and toppings . after i got home , i felt very thirsty . seems like they put a lot of msg in it ? or maybe i 'm just thirsty ? service is the typical asian service you would experience . our waitress was just watching tv while wiping the bowls .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wheni first walk in it was a good breathe of fresh air . new renovations , very clean very comftorable . ive been to other kim bo po or whatever and they 've all been pretty good . it seems like they are going through a whole bunch of rennovations giving their places a cleaner feel . i order the same thing everytime i goto a kim . the house special fukein noodles . it came in about 5-8 minutes so it was fairly fast . the taste was spot on exactly how i like it . ( dont forget to add some hot peppers ) . i always liked it because they gave 2 types of noodles . its always refreshing , never really get bored of eating just the one kind . i managed to pay the bill around $ 11-12 including tips . i thing most kim po 's are pretty good , but i like this one the most because its only 5 min drive from where i live lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service at this restaurant has downgraded significantly . the waitress was talking on her cell phone as she showed me to my table and gave me a piece of paper to write down my order . the food is not different from any other pho restaurant in markham . i do n't think i 'll be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the soups are good . the broth is flavourful . i would like to see more grilled options on the menu though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "house noodle was alright ... i like their banh xeo but it was slightly soggy underneath", "score": "3"}
{"review": "kim bo restaurant just opened at the right next to t & t middlefield replace super 7 ( http : www.yelp.ca biz super-7-restaurant-scarborough # query:7 % 20vietnamese ) . the interior of the restaurant has been completely redecorated with new booths seats put in and the size of the main dinning room is only half the size from the old business . house noodle large ( $ 7.25 ) was a little small . i finished eating that and i was just half full ... i ca n't imagine how small a small would be ! ! taste wise i found the broth quite oily as there was this layer of oil floating on top . taste wise was a little bland ... the services here was so friendly and fast ! when i asked for some chili pepper , the older waiter just ran into the back and got for me with a huge smile on his face.. i might give their pho a try ... and hopefully the experience would be better !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as previous reviews have mentioned do n't go in with expectations for a fancy experience . it is very down to earth and the food is still really good but it 's more so a casual lunch place . the pad thai is absolutely amazing ! ! when i 'm craving pad thai this is where i go for a huge portion for a comparably small price . do n't bother with chains like thai express when you can get twice even three times the amount . another must try when there is the salt and pepper tofu..it 's so flavourful and again it 's priced so low for the quality . the service is good , atmosphere is just okay and could probably use a modern update.. even just a fresh coat of paint would help immensely .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually get the house special , soup is good but the bean sprouts and green onion always look dirty with a tint of brown ... i usually pick it out . noodles soup usually comes with thick noodle unless you request for dry thin noodles ( but even their dry noodle is thicker than normal ) . service there is awful ; the waitress is rude , talks on her cell phone while taking orders bringing food to the table and refuses makes a hassle to bring extra anything - she will tell you the meal comes with whatever you 're asking for . but nonetheless the food is decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if your at the superstition mall , this is the place to try . buffett style pizza , salads , and pasta . for an amazing price . under 10 bucks and from 2-4 on weekdays it 's only 5.99 for the buffett ! ! cmon ! ! no one has a buffett for pizza that cheap . i 've been here 2 times . ow and everyone knows i love my buffets hehee . ca n't beat the deal and the quality", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . told the lady first time and she just stared at me . i asked so what 's the process and then she explained . tried the pizza and they all looked dried out . salad is not very promising either . they have a pasta station that no one manned . and we had to ask someone to help as employees passed us and did n't help . i asked for a refund and they said they can give me a free buffet card . i 'm not coming back but hey here you can come back . ugh . would not and will not return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love that you can have the pizza and salad , but i really love that you can make your own pasta as well . they have fun dessert pizzas and great food . without all the insane noise of the wildly out of control competitors . this is a family , sit down , enjoy your meal restaurant for everyone . and it 's quiet . and if you need they have tv 's as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i typically come to eat here every few weeks , variety with salads and pasta , many pizza options as well . new pizzas are constantly put out . this place always has deals like happy hour and especially if your part of their rewards program making the buffet super cheap . this place is also inside the mall which makes it super convenient . it 's right next to dillard 's entrance . for the price you get your money 's worth . staff is great as well , always cleaning up your plates and are polite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! our first time here- we will be back ! the chicken alfredo pizza is awesome , the pesto pizza was good , could have used more pesto sauce , firefighter- to die for ! ! ! strawberry blueberry incredible . the salad bar is very fresh with a very good variety .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza is a personal preference . the salad bar had a descent variety . with multiple lettuce and spinach options and a variety of salad toppings . if you like peter piper pizza ( or cici 's pizza ) you will like their 's too . for us been there done that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first time hearing about this establishment and the pizza was great they also have salad bar and pasta oh yes almost forgot to mention it is all you can eat prices at $ 5.99 ca n't go wrong the establishment is very clean atmosphere and workers are very friendly and professional at there job i would highly recommend family and friends even kids birthday party 's the pizza and pasta are 100 % gluten free", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our first time trying out ppc . not very busy in here , but i found the staff to be friendly and attentive . the pizza guy told us he could custom make any pizza we requested . the selection for the salad bar is n't the best i 've ever seen but we were happy with it . they seemed to be rotating the pizzas pretty often , every time i looked over they were bringing a new pie out . pasta was okay , nice to have different noodles and sauces to choose from . we liked the alfredo and the roasted red pepper . jalape\u00f1o ranch was also a big hit . for $ 5.99 during happy hour we really had no complaints . will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good concept and dessert pizza of the month was good . ( maybe cookie dough crust ) . however we will not return . we found the pizza crust to be very hard . reminded me of just flour and water . sorry", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time here and i will be back i wish they would have this in chandler the food was awesome and the employees were nice i would highly recommended coming to this if you like pizza and cheap prices", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best public course in fort mill and south charlotte by far . staff is great . practice facilities are great . atmosphere is great . course is challenging and requires good golf shots but it is always fun to play .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice ! played here on a friday afternoon and really enjoyed it . the 3pm tee time is the super twilight rate of $ 32 with cart which is great . the fairways are wide open , not a lot of water a few strategically placed sandtraps but not too many . the greens are in great shape as are the tee boxes . the staff is very nice and friendly . today it was cart path only which really slows the pace of play . there is only 1 bathroon for the entire 18 holes . there was no beverage cart .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have played golf all over the country and paid from $ 12 to $ 350 ( on the company : - ) ) per 18 holes and as a low handicap country club player i do n't think there is a better deal in the charlotte metro area . as a public golf course with million dollar homes on it and a clubhouse and staff that reminds you of a country club experience it is fantastic ! greens are great ( mini verde ) and the course is very challenging from the tips ( and blue tees are great as well ) . the course views on almost every hole are beautiful and you really do n't see many homes because of all the trees . good practice facilities and great clubhouse . i play this course even though i belong to a club in south charlotte . thanks to bud and staff for treating everyone so well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a nice track . fair pricing with friendly staff . i enjoy the range and putting green for practice sessions . always in good shape .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the more i think about it the more i realize that this course deserves 5-stars . the clubhouse is nice and clean , the staff is friendly , the practice area is large and in good shape and the course is nicely designed and fun to play . not once did i stop during the round and think to myself , `` this is a dumb hole . '' everything is laid out well and in good condition . i will be back for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really wish i could give this place a higher rating , but the price for hummus was outrageous . $ 30 for two small plates of hummus is more than i would consider fair value . although the taste of the hummus was great , and service was great , i do n't see myself coming back here in the near future if the prices remain the same .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this kosher restaurant is amazing . the quality of the food is outstanding . i felt like i was back home . the hummus is so fresh , and the taste is wonderful . i highly recommend visiting hummus factory canada .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my meal from here ! i was surprised with how delicious it was considering i had never heard of it before . i will definitely come back ! the service was also great , super friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here after not having a reservation at strip next door and did n't want to wait two hours for a table . this is a nice little place and is located in the historic area of avon . there is n't a lot of room in the restaurant though as it is located in a former house but it provides a nice atmosphere . the calamari appetizer had an interesting presentation . it came in a chinese food to-go box and served with chopsticks but the calamari tasted delicious . i would also recommend the sauteed chicken or anything off their butcher 's block ( minus the aged strip steak since i have always avoided strip steak if places offer filet mignon ) . probably one of the best up-scale restaurant west of cleveland , especially those living in the avon and elyria area . service was great and food was delicious , what more can i ask for of a restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we live in the bay area and visit lorain county 1 - 2 times year and try to eat at nemo grille each visit . my husband was surprised and delighted the first tme we dined here to find a chave wine on the list ! the food is delicious and the service warm and accomodating ( we 've had to take our children here once or twice -- it was afterall a family vacation ) . especially memorable were the 1931 sherry ( not sure of the exact year , but i think hoover was president at the time ) and the pasta heated in the big parmesan cheese drum . we hope nemo stays in avon for many more years !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fairly straightforward american steakhouse fare ( chops , familiar seafood , nice salads ) executed very well . you 're not likely to find any unusual cuts or terribly daring dishes , but everything is really good . it 's just geared toward the suburban set , who are justifiably loyal . service is prompt and competent . the atmosphere in an old house is cozy , but if it were up to me i 'd turn the music down a notch or two and boost the lighting so that you can read a menu without the aid of a smartphone . that aside , you 're quite certain to have a good meal here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just came back from one of the most amazing meals i 've had since i moved to cleveland ( it 's been 2 years ) . i had a sirloin and my date had the sea bass with these ricotta truffle noodles which were to die for . our server , lynn , was phenomenal . super knowledgable on the menu and an all around great server . always had our water glasses filled and as soon as the food was gone , so were the plates ! i highly recommend this place and ask for lynn when you go in ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for sunday dinner . first off , wine is half off a bottle on sunday ! which was a nice surprise ! we made a reservation and were sat immediately on the patio ! it was very beautiful . we did n't think we would like it , but absolutely fell in love with it . it was heated and quaint . i got the lobster bisque , which i have seen good and bad reviews on . i loved it ! it was slightly creamy , and there were big pieces of lobster . i would definitely order it again ! i had the scallops and risotto , which was good . and when i checked in on yelp we got a free desert ! kaitlyn was our server and she was very nice ! explained the menu and answered our questions . was attentive but did n't hover over us ! we loved her ! i recommend stopping at the bar for a drink and they also have a bar menu ! so if you want to try the place out , this is an easy way to do it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overpriced good old boys club for baby boomers . the place has a decent menu with daily specials . it took our food 90 minutes from order to table . larger groups were served before our table of two . waitress kept covering for kitchen staff with plausible excuses ( burned our appetizer and the kitchen `` not talking to us '' ) . for a meal over $ 100 for two people and no alcohol this is really atrocious . waitress took off the price of the cheapest entree . either the kitchen is in trouble or the management is , either way there was nothing special about this place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we went on sunday ( half priced bottles of wine btw ) and i got the pork chop special which was out of this world . tender , cooked to perfection . regular menu items are awesome but be sure to check facebook for their weekend specials too . never disappointed ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to come here for my birthday . this has it all . the service was exceptional . our waitress was so sweet and patient . she knew the menu and helped us narrow down a choice ! we were very satisfied with our meal . everything was fresh and delicious . and do n't even get me started on the dessert ! beautiful little spot . thank you nemo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a business traveler , this was a nice find for a first time area traveler . my steak was cooked to my liking and the service that accompanied my meal was wonderful . great wine list and selection . i will definitely return when in the area again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful place to celebrate our anniversary ! staff was very courteous and attentive . our server helen had a beautiful smile on her face the entire time - made us feel relaxed and appreciated . started with roasted brussel sprouts - delicious . i had diver scallops -prepared perfectly on a bed of creamy risotto - awesome ! ! my husband had the braised short ribs - fall apart juicy and flavorful . desserts : creme br\u00fbl\u00e9e and the bread pudding - everything was delicious . ca n't wait to return . excellent dining in a casual relaxed atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , favorite restaurant on the west side ! my fianc\u00e9 and i eat here , at least , once a week . i love the comfortable , relaxed atmosphere , yet fine dining approach . i have never had a bad meal or negative experience at this restaurant ; in fact , this is the perfect place to dine after a long , stressful day . we typically dine at the bar because we love the ambiance and being able to chat with the bartenders . our absolute favorite menu item is the sea bass ; the best sea bass i have ever had . it is melts in your mouth ; topped with a magical sauce and finished with marcona almonds ; so decadent , yet perfectly light . the bar burger is the best burger in town ! i can guarantee , no matter what you order , you will be blown away . i can not say enough about nemo ! if you have n't been , please do yourself a favor , and head there tonight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our trip was decent overall . i had the sirloin with blue cheese butter sauce . while a great cut and sauce , it was very undercooked . when ordered medium it was served rare . but still good enough . my wife had the ravioli . it was n't bad tasting , just not what was expected . the service was nothing short of excellent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "visited twice in almost a single week ! excellent service for mother 's day . had the veal with butternut squash soup to start one day and then went back and had the salmon special of the day with a pear salad to start ! loved both the soup and the salad . dessert was bread pudding and i would recommend it with the sea salt caramel instead ! dessert comes out on a tray for you to select , so it changes ! also saw tiramisu , chocolate cake , a different type of cheesecake , and a brownie", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place truly is a gem . besides the fantastic service ... every waiter or waitress we 've ever had is mature , intelligent , and knowledgeable..the food is great ! the shrimp and grits are so good i can barely describe them . the hummus is great as well . fantastic place all around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite restaurant in the cleveland area . great place to go on a date or just out for a really nice evening . everything here is good - food , atmosphere , drinks and service . we go here when we really want a good meal and do n't mind paying more for it because the food and whole experience is worth it . you do n't leave hungry or feeling like you were just ripped off .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner there three weeks ago for the first time . the food was exceptional as was the service . i had the stuffed pepper appetizer and it was one of the best i 've had . there beet salad was phenomenal and the blackened scallops were done to perfection . nemo grille is now one of my regular stops .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped into nemo grille on a whim , just to see what it was all about . it was ok ... staff was friendly and not overly attentive but , available when needed . menu had plenty to offer but , even though our meals were good , we did n't feel like they were impressive . we will definitly give nemo grille one more chance before writting it off .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really want to love nemos . like really want to . however , i just think it is average . the restaurant itself is set in an old colonial style home . rooms seating is small . bar is cute but again , very small . i did see a few patrons ordering the flatbread pizzas at the bar . i can not see myself going here for just 'bar ' food . i might sit at the bar if i was waiting for a table , but the bar area is tiny . food : so-so . i expected over the top amazing seafood but it did not wow me . i feel that when you are paying upwards of 20.00 for a dinner , you should have something good to rave about . with all that being said , i do not think i would be running back here any time soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and service . we came in with a birthday group and were treated great . menu is varied from pasta to seafood and steaks . everyones meal was super .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they actually read their reviews . their food used to be too salty , but now perfectly seasoned . just about anything on the menu is a treat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we keep coming back to this place for its calamari , moscato and braised short ribs ... not to mention their excellent service . i 'm a very picky person but i love their calamari and their lobster flatbread with truffle honey . a must try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent meal ! the shrimp and grits appetizer with bbq sauce was a really refreshing take on a classic . nicely charred shrimp , tasty grits , and not too heavy to over power the entree . my husband got the special pan seared new york strip steak with a horseradish butter . he thought it might have been the best ny strip he has ever had . i had the chilean sea bass . the butter cream was delicious . the pasta that came with it was a nice treat . it tasted homemade and fresh . we really enjoyed this meal and the intimate setting ( although it was a little loud ) . also , the service was perfect ... not too intrusive but very attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here because of yelp hannah sold every meal so well , we told her to choose for us what a great meal , the duck am ned sea bass , yum mm ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally made it to the legendary nemo . it was worth the wait . excellent service . food was great and a very relaxed atmosphere . enjoyed it very much and looking forward to our next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . the wait staff were all very nice and extremely attentive even though it was a busy saturday night . the food was rich but extremely tasty , with very nice plating presentation . the sea scallops i had were large and perfectly cooked . the dessert offerings all looked amazing - wished i could have tried them all ! on top of it the atmosphere is relaxed and unpretentious . you can dress up , but you can also wear jeans . thoroughly enjoyed my first visit and will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phenomenal restaurant with great staff and amazing food . we are lucky to have such a great place locally . best bar tenders in avon . great bar and dinner menus . specials are a must . we are literally here weekly , if not twice a week . i 'm a total foodie and this is the place to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really good food . the food is a little on the rich side , tho . my palette was overwhelmed fairly quickly . dine outside if you can because there is n't enough lifting inside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice fish selection and reasonable wine list ( decent priced bottles but they go out of their way to pick nice selections instead of just marking up grocery store junk ) . online gc makes this a great deal . only downside is it can get very crowded and loud so try to avoid really busy times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered a filet mignon and hubby got the swordfish- both amazing options , so filling and was laid out on the plate so nicely , something we just had to get on instagram ! friendly staff- when i complained about how the ac was blowing a bit much on my legs , one of the waitresses rushed over to turn it off and cover it where we were sitting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . amazing service ! they do n't stop treating you until you walk out the door . even filling up our water glasses while we were paying ! ca n't beat it . food was yummy ! 3 different types of mashed potatoes is way to this girls heart . can i get an amen ? ! not to mention the atmosphere ! we sat on the enclosed porch while it was raining and it was beautiful . everyone go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our absolute favorite place to eat in the area . best steaks anywhere , and the lobster bisque is outstanding . the service is excellent , and all the employees work together as a team . excellent service every time we have been . even the coffee is great . what a refreshing change it is to find a place that cares about the food they offer and certainly cares about their customers . excellent ++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars for the food ! the ambiance is nice average and it 's set in an old century home . i had the chilean seabass and it was incredible ! my husband had the short ribs which were also delicious . i 'd highly recommend this restaurant ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic from start to finish . the environment is slightly cramped , but cozy and romantic enough to make up for it . my group ordered duck , sea bass , and veal which were all delicious . all of our meats were cooked perfectly and the flavors of the garnishes and sides all blended very well . the presentation of all the meals were extravagant as well . i would recommend this place to anyone who wants to go on a very nice date or if you just want to have an awesome meal on an average night . the hours are a little different though . they open at 5pm every day , so dinner only . go check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , solid wine list . it is small and there are hard wood floors throughout . we always make a reservation . the only complaint i have has nothing to do with the restaurant , but with those people who insist on bringing their children to higher end restaurants and letting them run amok . of course , i have the same problem at no so high end restaurants when people let their kids run amok . the only problem here is that you are spending $ $ $ and there are hardwood floors and it is loud with out some four year and seven year old pounding through the place . the waitress kept apologizing , to us , the table next to us . not her fault , although it might have helped if maybe someone from management had said something to the parents and grandparents . i understand their not wanting to offend anyone but there were a lot of other people getting horribly annoyed . reign in your kids people or hire a babysitter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nemo is one of my favorite places in clevelands far west side . the patio anytime of year is so charming . the food is always to die for . service is a+ , and half price bottles of wine on sunday 's ! it 's my annual birthday tradition !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this steak house is inside of silver seven hotel casino . smallest steak house i have ever been to . i think they only got 10 tables . staffs are very nice . not much ambiance . free bread was good . i ordered salmon dinner plate . salmon had no flavor it was ok i tuink it need little salt but very fresh . . the asparagus was very good . cooked perfect . overall foods were very fresh and very hot . meaning my server did n't messed around . she brought it right off the grill . well i had good dinner at reasonable price and good service . i am a happy customer", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very slow place , but guess service was great . ! sheryl hostess server was awesome ! greater us with smile and upbeat attitude . recommended items in the menu for which it was our first time . we have the shrimp cocktail and crab legs for appetizer . prime rib and leg of lamb for entree with a glass of wine . they were delicious and service was excellent . ! thank you", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant was so wonderful ! i had the rack of lamb , medium rare , and it was outstanding ! cooked perfectly , and extra mint jelly on the side . my husband and i split the asparagus side ... again , cooked perfectly . he enjoyed the rib-eye ... .grilled med rare and so juicy & flavorful . our crew was cheryl , remy and jerry ... .we were so blessed ! they truly made it a memorable meal . my husband enjoyed the ribeye ... cooked to med rare perfection ! sipped the zin your face ... highly recommended ! ! there are so many places in vegas to get a decent meal for a really reasonable price , but this place is one of the hidden best . and if you stay a night in the hotel , the tropical pool area takes you to a whole other place , far away from the buzz of the strip . what a wonderful getaway ... . will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drive thru pharmacy ... wha what ? ? ? yep they got it ... as does most of lv . pretty good walgreens with large selection of the typical stuff . nice help . good pharmacy . good location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stop here periodically when i need something i forgot somewhere else or could n't find . i find their prices to be high compared to other chains unless you happen to hit a sale for the item you want . the store always seems a bit cluttered and even messy . there is often stock in plastic boxes on the floor waiting to be shelved . it 's just not a pleasant place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gotten a recorded messages from this walgreen for my prescription . i used a called back feature tried to explain why i am calling back to provide information as they requested over the phone . the lady gotten impatient in the middle of the conversation insisted that i do n't know my own birthday and hung up . wow ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a walgreens i pass by on almost a daily basis but i rarely go in unless i am looking for something in particular . well stocked and the service is decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this walgreens is conveniently located by trop and 215 . staff are pretty helpful . ca n't complain . i just wish they would add coupons automatically to rewards cards instead of going through your computers or manually clipping them", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . i arrived right behind another guest and the fat manager was outside the door smoking a cigarette in one hand and told me i ca n't come in because they were closed when 20 seconds before another guest walked in , i asked if i could get a can of choice noodle soup for my mom and she said im sorry i cant . took another puff on her cancer stick and walked her obese self back into the store and hand pulled the electric door closed . just awful service , i 'm sure she was ready to get off a get to her buffet style dinner but she was not the standard i 'm used to with these location 's . no wonder they have low ratings for this location . sad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we usually come in here for our meds . the pharmacy staff is amazing . they 're real nice , friendly , helpful and knowledgable . unfortunately as amazing as they are , they stopped taking the guy i married 's insurance so we 're probably going to go to coastco or walmart from now on . whomp , whomp , whomp .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this walgreens pharmacy drive thru is the absolute worst . i was told to `` drive around and come back in line '' so they can help other costumers . all because they had to input a copay card that i was told to bring when i picked up my rx . this is not the first time i 've had problems here . maybe if you guys are so overwhelmed , open the second drive thru .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the african american lady at the counter is bipolar or on drugs . she is in the health and beauty department but clearly needs some advice for herself . she looks and smells of an old 6 dollar prostitute with bad customer service . she would be better working in the back away from the customers . not a good look for this store . walgreens should be more selective of who they hire . and hire better quality people .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this walgreens a lot . the photo center has never disappointed me . the selection of items are always a little bit above the other spots including the as seen on tv shelf . their magazine selection is even a little more diverse . i always pick up the latest copy of mental floss here . it excels and is a cut above what i expect from walgreens which is why i marked it so high . not to mention , all of the staff here look like they like to work here and i applaud them on their hiring and management .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this pharmacy are fantastic ! they have always had my rx done fast , and if there is ever any issues - they are responsive and return phone calls as they say they will .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never had problems with this particular store until one night i tried to walk in at 9:55pm , not realizing they were closing at 10pm . i had a kidney infection & this was the closet store for me to get fluids that i would be in and out . as i walked in , a male employee screamed across the way to me that they 're closing in five minutes . instead of screaming at me , he could have walked over , mention they were closing soon and see if i needed assistance with loading up a basket with what i needed so i 'd be out in less than five minutes . instead of assisting , i was rushing frantically through the rows to get what i needed & instead of buying things , i ended up putting things back and leaving - i did n't sign up for `` supermarket sweep '' .. i ended up at walmart - at least there , no one talks to you so you wo n't get any attitude from the employees ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i dropped off my prescription 6 days ago . i still do n't have it . wtf . i really need my medicine . the walgreens on sunset fort apache always had it in 1-2 days . i could n't do my everyday normal routine without my prescription and for the past six days i 've been struggling . i want to type curse words in all caps right now . ugh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this walgreens is located across the street from an arco gas station on fort apache . this location has a lot of parking for all their customers and it was very clean . upon entering the store i was greeted with two warm hellos from an employee behind the make up counter and check out . after i picked up what i needed and returned to check out the employee asked me how was my day and told me to stay cool on this hot day . if i need anything else , i will defiantly come back to this location because of the remarkable customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this walgreens has very good customer service . the employees here clearly care about quality customer service . when we were at check out we noticed there was a discount on an item we purchased that was n't applied to our bill and the moment we made it aware to the cashier , the manager went ahead and told the cashier to honor the price adjustment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love the pharmacy because it 's open all night , but more so we love rochelle always in a positive mood and real cool with my family , just an outstanding person and great attitude ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drink selection is small and the employees are the worst ! blue hair lady socializes for too long while a line of people want to check out . and when you buy water because of and advertised deal they do n't alert the customer that it 's only good with a store card . i 'll be avoiding this location like the plague because of the attitude and pride in ripping off a customer that they can laugh about . go anywhere but here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this walgreens has yet to fill my prescription right the first time . i do n't know whether it is management at this particular location or walgreens in general . eighteen months of promising me they have fixed it this time . only as usual , they have not . time to find another pharmacy . patience has run out . too bad walgreens executive offices do n't give a damn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they told me the prescription would be ready in 3 hours and i showed up 3 1 2 hours later and they had n't even started to fill it . plus i already had to wait in line for 25 mins and had to call to see if it was normal practice for them to have cars sit at the window for that long . of course after i called the car 's prescription in front of mine was magically ready . you suck walgreens .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they brazilian wax your cookie clean here ! the price can be on the higher side ... between $ 55-90 , depending on how long it 's been since you 've mowed your lawn . highly recommend this place . great experience here ! friendly staff , fabulous waiting area with lots of snacks and beverages : wine , rasberry green tea and i think i saw an espresso machine ! when they get to the `` back door '' they put you on ... all fours ! did n't dig that so much , but the job got done . woof woof", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just can not bring myself to give 5 stars to a place that rips your hair out at the root ( although this place deserves it ) , but ... the box is , by far , the best waxing experience i 've ever had . 1 ) the box may be in the middle of a strip mall , but the inside is incredibly swanky and comfortable . 2 ) their prices are great and they have waxing services with names like `` bikini and butt '' and `` balls and crack '' which makes it a little less awkward when asking for such things over the telephone . for the names alone , the box is worth checking out . 3 ) they serve wine beforehand . 4 ) um , did you read my # 3 ? i 'll repeat : they serve wine before you get your lady ( or gentleman ) parts tended to . last , ask for erin . she 's fantastic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time waxing and let me just say ... . ouch ! but as a woman unwanted hair anywhere needs to be eliminated asap and box really is that place to go get that done . first timers ... there is numbing cream but be forewarned ... that does n't mean no pain . pain = beauty . there wax is there wax : no one elses . they offer drinks , refreshments , snacks , whatever you need except a cocktail to ease your mind . coffee shop type decor , cool music , and friendly staff ! now to the nitty gritty , they really get personal with you so do n't get weird about it . it 's their job , they 've seen it all . so just relax and let them do their job ! you 'll be fine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely hate shaving more than anything , so after debating on getting waxed for months , i finally decided i 'd stop being a chicken and give it a shot . i thought `` this cant be any worst than spreading your legs for a doc for those yearly girl test . '' i came here for my first waxing experience and boy ... i wont lie , the first time is definitely the most awkward . i cant remember the name of the girl that did my waxing , but she was wonderful . she definitely made it less awkward and was real quick . i was in and out before i knew it . it was n't as painful as i thought it would be , and for those of you that have never done it and are thinking about it ... just do it . its seriously not that bad . if you 're scared of pain , take advil 30 minutes before your appointment and you 'll be fine ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to box for a bikini wax . while they had a great promotion for a brazilian , i just was n't ready for that level of commitment . first , the place is really nice inside . from the outside it 's a typical vegas strip mall . it 's hard to imagine that inside there 's a warm and inviting beige decor . they also offer water , tea , or wine , as well as cookies and jelly beans that match the decor . loved the ambiance ! the lady i worked with was a real pro -- gentle and super patient . i ca n't remember her name ( too nervous in the beginning ) , but she was really nice and we chatted the whole time . it was $ 35 for the wax , which i thought was a pretty good price . i highly recommend this place . it was a great experience all around , and i never thought i 'd say that about getting waxed . i even got a magnet that says `` food is n't the only thing that gets furry . '' i love the attitude !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first step through the door , you 're welcomed by delicately selected decor . ambiance was pleasurable . they have water and teas available . ashley is awesome ! box , uses hard waxes unlike other places what uses soft waxes . difference between hard and soft is the hard wax sticks to the hairs and pulls the hairs off . whereas soft wax , sticks to the hair and the skin and rips everything off , leaving your skin flaming red . ashley did an amazing job , mind you , i was 10 minutes late ... she was able to remove everything off . she 's very knowledgeable , and recommends products , but does n't push sales on you . i 'd def be back to see her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "erin is excellent . getting a wax is an odd experience . it 's not often that you drop you pants withing the first 5 minutes within meeting someone . erin made that as normal as possible . she was polite , funny and quick ! i 'd drive back to las vegas again ! the salon is clean , comfortable and relaxing . the restroom had all the amenities one getting a wax would want . that was a nice touch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "undeniably , the best waxing service i have ever had . the shop is clean and very well decorated ... great ambience . the wax tech was super friendly and professional , she made the process as painless as it could get . i 'm thrilled to find such a great wax salon in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah when anyone gives 5 stars to have the hair ripped from the roots from p-town you know it is good . not only is bree amazing she has the highest standards from her staff . it is beautiful inside and they serve you tea and jelly beans . they will answer any stupid newbie question you throw at them , and trust me i had many . having never waxed i was amazed how liberating it was to be a smooth kitten . meow i am hooked ! ps i am not sure it is that expensive for a wax , it seemed well priced to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the best place to get a brazilian wax in town ! bree was my waxer and she also owns the place . she made me comfortable and tried to make it as painless as possible . i swear by this place ! please note that the place is hard to find and does no advertising . it is located behind the jack in the box on sahara and decatur .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful new location in tivoli village inside the lv market ... they even have a little outside patio now ! same great service , smiling friendly staff . too bad they 're even further from my home now , but at least they are surrounded by some great restaurants and shops to make the drive worth my time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best brazilian wax i 've gotten was at box , and i 'm not na\u00efve ! decor is amazing , she was quick and as painless as could be , and she even waxed a few extra places ( compared to other salons ) but did n't charge any different . i would recommend this place before any others , and am glad to see such a real , luxurious salon in lv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am proud to say i have been getting waxed by bree and the lovely ladies of box for 3 years now . bree is a great boss and not only does she manage box well she waxes just as well . she 's very quick with a great quirky personality . her employees are a great representation of her as well . listen , no matter how often you get waxed you will never get use to getting on all fours ( lol ) but i promise you the ladies of box will make you a lot more comfortable and a lot less awkward ! also , i use to have a major problems with ingrowns and now i do n't ! pojo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get waxed ! i 've gone to bree and she 's the best ! the atmosphere surpasses any other waxing place spa salon that i 've been too . their prices are very competitive for all you get . would recommend box to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from boston and i work at an aveda salon and spa . i was visiting a friend in vegas and wanted to get waxed while i was here . my girlfriend told me about box so i gave it a try . i was a little nervous because i 've only ever gotten a brazilian at my spa that i work at . the ambience at this place was awesome . nice snacks , tea and water . erin did my brazilian and she was awesome . she was very quick which is always important ! haha . she was super nice too ! go see her ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriends had been ragging me about getting my nether regions landscaped . after reading on yelp and youtube what a wonderful job this place did , i decided to have them introduce me to the world of brazilian waxing . i was not disappointed . erin my aesthetician understood i was a neophyte and walked me through the process . she even told me when it was going to be a bit more uncomfortable so i could be prepared for it . i left this place walking on sunshine , i felt so liberated . when i went home to visit , i had another place do my waxing and was truly disappointed . i will never allow anyone to do my brazilian . it 's a bit pricey but i guarantee you will not be disappointed . amy has done my brazilian as well and she rocks too . and the reminder emails they send are quite entertaining .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! their new location in tivoli is beautiful . the staff was very friendly and took their time with my service . they were happy to answer all of my questions and provide product samples for me to try . ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it . love it . love it ! i was looking for a place in vegas for forever and i finally found this place and love it ! it is very cute tendry inside and a great vibe ! made me feel like i was back in san francisco ! i have been back several times and seen vanessa and e and both were great . it 's not that expensive and they do a really good job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in april of this year , my wife and i both made our first trip to box , but it definitely wo n't be our last ! in fact , we were so impressed that we have already made our appointments for the short vacation we 're going to take in las vegas at the end of this month ! what i think was most impressive was the professionalism of the staff and the way they made what is a decidedly daunting procedure ( for a guy ) into an experience that was practically pain-free . looking forward to our upcoming visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i have had a lot of brazilian waxes , hell i perform and even own a place that does brazilian waxes ! so i think i have made it clear that i understand a good waxing when i receive one ! box has to be the single best waxing experience i have ever had ! the staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable . they do not rush through the service nor do they seem to make it last any longer than need be . my waxer seemed to be a stickler for detail and even removed a couple of pesky ingrown hairs . the atmosphere was posh but still comfy and they had some delicious snacks to nosh on while we waited for our appointments . i would definitely seek out box again if i return to the area and would recommend it strongly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly nice staff , beautiful place . loved my tech but noticied the wax was quite warm hot . did n't notice til later that is had burned me and then it flaked peeled . it was pricey compared to the places in west hollywood la that i go to that 's $ 39 . but if i need a brazilian wax while in town again , i would probably return and be more aware of the wax temp .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing ! i has such a good experience here especially since it was my first time getting a brazilian . when your laying out on the table spread eagle with someone ripping hair out where it should n't be ripped out its hard to be comfortable . bree was great , she instantly put me at ease by making small talk and getting down to business . perhaps the most awkward is when they flip you on all fours ... that ca n't be an attractive position but i guess it gets the job done . the salon itself is very nice and swanky . everyone is super nice and i love that they are open 7 days a week which makes things that much more convenient . prices were reasonable . i 'm definitely hooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got ta agree wit all the other reviews here ... the box is the best place ive ever gone to for a wax . the interior design is awesome -- def something different . the only thing that was uncomfortable was going on all fours but erin tried to do it as fast as she could to make it less embarrassing . they make u feel really comfortable here which i appreciated cuz getting a wax by someone u jus met is awkward enough . they even give u a cup of this soothing gel to put on after ... def appreciated that : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so if you 're looking on here , chances are you want something delicate done that would suck if it gets messed up . trust these people with your most private parts . trust them . seriously though , i 've had brazilian waxes in new york state , orange county , and of course , here in las vegas . i can say with 100 % certainty that every brazilian wax i have gotten here has been the best ever . all of the technicians know what they 're doing . they all , from my experience , work fast but carefully , and if you 've ever had a `` bad '' brazilian , you can tell , because oh boy once you figure out you 've had a bad one , you regret going anywhere else but here . but i digress . awesome service . amazingly cute decor , too . and of course experienced and polite employees . if i can help it , i will never get a brazilian done anywhere else but here ever again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bree is amazing ! she owns this place and she is not only extremely professional , but also very thorough . she uses the best wax . it is very high quality , very comfortable on your skin , and virtually painless . bree is also amazing with eyebrows . she created incredible arches and never makes brows too thin . she believes in a very full brow . this place is very clean and bree is extremely nice . i come back here every time i am in vegas for an expert eyebrow shaping and brazilian waxing . this place is great ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never had brazilliam wax before . my husband took me to box . it was painless ! i do n't know if it is the products or the technique they are using . i tried brazillian wax at different place after that and it was n't the same . the staff were really nice , the place is clean and they offer drinks and snacks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting brazilian waxing for years and let me say this place is amazing ! after moving to vegas i have been trying to find the perfect wax . i couple of ok experiences but blah.. i found this place on yelp and decided to try it . from when you walk in its like nothing else . beautiful environment . bree greeted me at the door . asked if i needed anything . once i was in the waxing room they gave me a personal cleaning cloth ! so cute ! then the waxing started . she used 2 different types of wax to get the best for each different part . yes this can be painful but bree made it pleasant . after everything was over they give you take home care for free ! it 's wonderful how you not only get the correct product in the salon but the after care ! this experience was priceless and i will only use bree from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the best experience at box ! i never been waxed before and so i was little nervous and scared . the staff made me feel comfortable , environment is clean with a calming ambiance and , although , it was a little painful it only lasted a few seconds . so glad i did it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic staff ! i went here because i had a groupon and because i heard good things ! they are fantastic . i was 9 months pregnant when i had my bikini wax and they went slow at the right times and quickly at the right times . i would go back over and over for any waxing service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've received brazilian waxes in a number of places ( spain , dubai , virginia , california , north carolina , new york , etc . ) ; and box provided me , by far , with the best wax i have ever received . bree was fantastic , not only in her waxing but also her friendliness and knowledge in taking care ingrowns . she really helped me out . my waxing there was not recent , but i just started yelping ; and this review was well over due .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! the staff there is so friendly and makes you feel very comfortable . they are also very accommodating when i take i take my kids with me to an appointment . they even have a box filled with toys , coloring books and games to entertain them while you get waxed . i have been going here for five years and would n't go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are ever inclined to get on all fours on an examination table and have your who-ha in the air to commence the ripping of the hair - go here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am rather hesitant about finding new people to wax my man brows . that said , when i am out of town and they need to get done , i got ta find just the right person . erin , you are my new favorite person . she 's cute , funny and damn can she rip the hair off your body ! ! she did an excellent job on my man brows , trimmed them up just right and and b c she is such a doll , she threw in the nose and ear wax too ! first time getting the nose waxed is an interesting experience , gives you a good sample of what that wax really smells like , but it was n't painful at all . my eyes were watering b c i ate spicy food just before my appointment , i swear . in any event , this is the place to be while in vegas if you need to get your wax on . thanks for the love and i will definitely come back next time i am in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from socal and was at lv for my bachelorette party . on our `` recovery day '' i decided to go get a brazilian done . i 've only gotten waxed a couple other times and am still nervous about getting waxed down south . i yelped places around lv to go and box was the only place that had 5-star reviews . now i know why -- they did an excellent job and i felt comfortable the entire time . the ambiance of the place is very chic and right when i walked through the door i was greeted and offered something to drink . the lady who did my wax ( i forgot her name ! ) was so professional and talked me through the whole thing even though i had a brazilian before . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place ! i 've seen box featured on tv specials and in magazines as one of the best places , and it really lives up to its reputation . a little hard to find , but so worth it . the atmosphere is relaxing and the use the best products . the price for the service is also great ! i 've been waxing for more than 5 years now , and this would probably be the best waxing experience i 've had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . box . let 's see how can i express love for box without divulging too much about this place ? the decor is awesome . comfy couches , cool coffee table books , tea and candies . my favorite candy-atomic fireballs . that 's right , red balls . maybe an innuendo as to what men might experience if they were to get the 'sac n crack ' wax . line up gentleman , because they have this one trademarked just for you . as for the services they provide . awesome . i mean who does n't want to engage in conversation while someone is all up in your junk an you 're on all fours ? i wonder if that 's why they serve tea ? a tea time for your nani ... but really , they do all they can to make you feel comfortable and make it as least painful as possible . erin is my fave wanna-be mr. miyagi , her wax on , wax off is the best . i love box , but then again , who does n't ? ! ? !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a brow appointment last week with erin , and i am absolutely obsessed with how perfect they look ! i had been growing them out for a couple of months , seeing her for some cleanup every so often , and last week went in for an actual shaping . i showed her a few photos , she talked to me about how we could make it work for my face , and was an absolute perfectionist . i do n't know if it 's weird to be so happy about my eyebrows , but it really transformed my face . all the girls at box are awesome , i highly recommend this waxing boutique to everyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love box ! this is where i got my first bikini wax and i was totally freaked , but it was amazing . they make you feel comfortable and totally ease your nerves , and next thing you know you 're done ! bree is great , but so are the other women there . it 's a little expensive , but it is definitely worth it . i 'm sad that i 'm away for school and wo n't be able to go back until this summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "umm normally i would n't mention the words , ripping hair from my hoohah , & great in the same sentence . but , i digress . the place is beautiful , and it puts you at ease as soon as you walk through the door . they talk you through the umm , procedure , & get down to business ( clears throat ) . basically , i would n't go anywhere else to `` geter done ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars ! these ladies really know what they 're doing ! the only down side is this place can be hard to find , i just moved here from out of state and i got lost looking for it . other than that this place is great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing service ! ! ! ashley is a phenomenal waxer ! ! ! and she 's great to talk to also ... .puts you at ease right away . i will definitely return ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bree is the best in town for brazilians using a type of wax referred to as `` hard wax '' . she makes it seem effortless and is quite speedy and relatively painless . the boutique is gorgeous inside also !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bre i love the new location at tivoli square . parking is always available . the location space is much larger and the art you brig to the center is amazing . thank you courtney for calling with my reminder appointments and giving awesome directions . great location , great team.military friendly ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm still forever a lover of box ! i 'm a regular- in here every 3-4 weeks . they recently moved to tivoli village ( in the lv market , on the second floor ) and it 's super cute in their new space ! i loved their other location and bre and team did it again in this new location . super comfortable , trendy and just plain cool : ) ashley is my go-to as she always does a fabulous job ! courtney at the front is always welcoming and full of smiles . box is terrific- thanks for keeping me hair free !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently moved back to the area since my last review and thought i would leave an update . the new location is really nice and the rooms are comfortable and clean . when i found out we were moving back i made sure to call bree only to find out she is living and working primarily at the new location in ca but happened to be there that day . she returned my call and we talked for a while catching up , she told me i would taken care of with the new staff which have been great so far . i have been in a coupld of times to see twee ( sp ? ) and she is really good . the best part is , prices are still about the same after several years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service . from the time i called and made my appt to when it was all said and done . i got a brazilian wax and it was my first time but i had a great experience . the next time i 'm in vegas i will definitely be going back . and would recommend box to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time taking care of business down there , and bree made me feel very relaxed ... or well , as relaxed as you can get when hair is being ripped away from your skin . it sounds more gruesome then it was , and except for that instant when they peel the wax away , it was relatively painless . love the ointment they give you afterwards , and as a matter of fact , im going to call them up and see if i can pay for more . will come back again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to box since the day i moved from la . ( it 's been 7 years to date ) i love the ambiance of the place and staff is incredible . everyone is very friendly and professional here . i would not trust anyone else with my most private areas besides box . no catch here , nothing to hide , they are the best , just go to them and experience for yourself . i have no quick tips just because there 's nothing to hide . they are the best , enough said . would not recommend anywhere else but here ! ! ! ! ! ! although i checked the box no appointment necessary , i am a planner and always suggest appointments to everyone . makes things a lot easier and definitely more enjoyable when things are planned and expected .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i grew up in las vegas , but i live in santa monica now . and every time i come home , i get really excited if the trip coincides with my waxing schedule , because that means i get to visit box . i freaking love this place . the space itself is supercool - really interestingly designed and completely unexpected in the strip mall that it lives . and the women that work there - i 've been waxed by several of the aestheticians - are fantastic . super nice and great at what they do . i love the hard wax - wish more places in la used it . it 's so much easier on your skin and is less painful . i ca n't say enough about this place . i wish that it was in la - i 'd be able to stop searching for a great waxing place . in the meantime , i 'll keep coming to box when my schedule allows it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure why , but my first review got filtered ... ... ... ... best in vegas . when i first moved here over a year ago from the bay area i went to a place the place that left my `` kitty '' not so pretty . i was reluctant to try again , vowing i would get waxed whenever i went `` home '' . that plan has n't worked so well and after being fed up with feeling like an amazon bush women , i went to plan f ( after shaving , nair and laser hair removal did n't work out ) which was to try one more time . i am sooooo glad that i did . the box is the best , ashley did mine , she was very nice , no pain and quick but efficient . i was as hairless as a sphynx ! now i ca n't wait to bring my hubby in for the crack and sack ! : o ) i just wish i knew about this place a year ago !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent ! i 've been getting waxed for 10+ years so after my recent move to vegas , i made it a priority to find a great waxing spot . box came highly recommended to me by a local friend and i was not disappointed after my visit . the space is beautiful and clean . i saw amy who was extremely friendly and made my experience nearly painless . this will definitely become my go-to place while living here in vegas . i highly recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after leaving seattle i worried i would never find a waxing place as good as i had in ballard . but box tops it . everyone is uber nice and professional . there is no '' first time there '' awkwardness at all . from the cucumber water to the chips to the million books and stuff to look at the whole thing is a great experience . amy does my waxing and she is bright , funny , and quick . so yes , it is waxing and it will hurt a little . do n't freak out . they have a numbing gel you can use if you are really terrified but try it first . you may find you can handle it . i like their process so well i am talking my boyfriend into going soon . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for someone who has n't done waxing before , ( stop ! i shave , ok ! ) it is always nice to talk to people who educates you and say what 's best for you rather than someone who just cares about the money . i did n't know that hair growth has to be at least 3 weeks so that you can really get the best out of waxing that bush out ! eeewwww.. so i made an appointment . i do n't know if i can stand all these hair before then . bree educated me about all that and this yelp is for her honest and helpful opinion !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to the bar where everyone knows your name . i am so thrilled that this is my neighborhood bar . amazing bartenders , great company , and good food , what more can you ask for ! my go to meal is the bv burger with chicken breats . the pizzas are always made to order and have a lovely homemade crust . do n't forget every night is ladies night ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 've got small standard bar , have only light beer . i went to this place by myself a couple times to pass time and watch some game . chicken wings were good , and the pizza as well . fairly priced drinks . bartender is a very nice person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my wife 's cousin 's go to place every friday night . they even reserve a table . we had a large group of 10 . the service was outstanding . we never waited for drinks and they constantly checked on us even though they had another large party there at the same time . i try to eat healthy ( most times ) so i had a gluten free spicy chicken wrap . what i really wanted was the belly buster sandwich . a monster of a sandwich . it is 8 inches of garlic bread with meatballs , sausage , pepperoni , cheese , banana peppers and mozzarella sticks . they also have a challenge for their 16 inch version . no one has accomplished this feat as of yet . the wife had the chicken cordon bleu wrap with fresh garlic parmesan potato chips . i can see why my wife 's family keeps coming back . nice place to watch a game and hang out with friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a ballantyne gem ... top notch food and top notch service , from the servers to the food runners , everyone has a smile . as i write this my wife sneezed and one of the staff said bless you . place is small and cozy . been here 3 times . once a couple years ago and twice recently ( hard to get out with little ones )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thursday night is 50cent wing night , which i especially enjoyed because ( a ) there is also team trivia ( b ) they mixed hot and lemon pepper flavors for me , which oddly many places do n't ( c ) they let me order 10 instead of forcing me to order in multiples of 6 ( d ) they gave me all flappers ( e ) my tea refills were frequent ( which helped since their hot is actually hot ) 5 reasons , 5 stars , done . i 'd happily go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "try the blackened burger ... so good ! note : my only problem with this place is that they do this weird trivia contest on thursday nights . it 's crowded , loud , and a bit obnoxious for my tastes . it 's the only time that my wife and i wo n't go there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent place to chill and check out sports over lunch . their pizza is pretty remarkable , similar to new york style , large foldable slices . the burgers are very good with different themed ones as well . the bv signature burger has pesto , grilled red peppers and mozzarella , which is pretty top notch . also a good bar for drinks after work , and a very popular spot for trivia on thursday nights . try their big meaty pizza , their calzones , and the chicken parm sub . you ca n't go wrong with either of these . only thing bad about the place is when they are packed it can be a bit noisy . this is one place that 's more of a `` friend 's hangout '' than romantic atmosphere , but that 's okay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! it is a regular for me and my co-workers for lunch and happy hour . food is good , the 'roni roll is delicious and they have great daily food and drink specials . all of the employees are awesome . we love haley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is horrible ! everything tastes like it is straight out of a freezer or can . i am not sure how this place stays open .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst food.. not coming back again ! tried the veggie wrap and the garlic parmesan potato chips for lunch . the wrap had no flavor to it and the chips were too fried .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good lasagna for lunch- service was great and i would definitely go back if i lived in the area . menu looks diverse , atmosphere was clean and sports oriented- the food coming from the kitchen all looked delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wings here are cooked perfectly - and you can get dry rub or wet - and both are amazing . i loved the carolina sauce . the service was amazing as well - our server was very attentive even though they were busy . great selection of craft brews as well . nice outdoor patio . living up to their name buena vita . ... `` the good life '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good pizza , very good meatballs and reasonably priced wine . i really like this place but if you 're not a regular you do n't get great service . and the pasta was awful ! stick with the bar food and you 'll be fine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great wings and bleu cheese dipping sauce . the staff is welcoming and the atmosphere is great . i will be coming back for more wings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . laid back and a good menu . i had a flatbread and it was really good . cooked just right and a good portion . other patrons seemed happy with their wings . good prices on drink specials and their rotating food specials were well priced . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! ! food is outstanding and priced fair . service is spot on and they have a great beer selection . try the belly buster while you are there . the staff is extremely friendly and seems to know just about every customer by name .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went there expecting good italian at least good c\u00e0lzone . ordered `` the works '' w pretty good ! however ... the place had about 6 people total in it all impressed me as local bar flies . there was one fat sloppy looking woman who kept yelling her head off . i do n't know if she was drunk deaf or both ! ! ! the music they were playing there made rap sound pretty good ... .i hate rap with a passion ! ! ! save yourself go to red robin or bahn thai in the area i do n't think i could have drank enough to make that place look good ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best pizza and chicken wings in charlotte . great food ! great people ! great staff ! it 's a fun neighborhood bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was our first visit to buona vita and we 'll definitely go back ! the restaurant is cozy and well staffed , and on a friday night the crowd was about average - no wait . we ordered the mozzarella sticks for an appetizer and they were good , but nothing out of the ordinary , exactly what you 'd expect . we each got a calzone and that 's when we were blown away . the bread crust was fluffy yet crispy and cooked perfectly . the waitress even told us to take a picture before we started eating because it was so perfect . i had mushrooms , black olives and green peppers in mine and my husband had pepperoni and meatballs in his . we both loved them and will certainly go back for them again ! this is a great little spot for date night , locally owned and good service . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food and atmosphere . employees are genuinely nice . the pizza is not greasy , well none of it is . it has games inside to keep you entertained . clean sometimes and tv inside have good channels .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it for the family or with the boys after a crappy round of golf . great atmosphere , a good combo of newbies and regulars lets us know we 're in a friendly spot . a great mix of foods means there is something on the menu for the health conscious wifey or i can gorge on awesome hot wings that are more like legs . do n't even think about starting without putting an order of pepperoni rolls in , new favorite . bv knows that cold beer , hot food and great customer service = very happy customer . see you again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in one day with a few friends shortly after they opened and is now my local favorite . food is very good . pepperoni rolls are one of my favorites . chicken wings are meaty . pizza is excellent ! we find it a hidden italian secret in ballantyne . it 's nice to walk in and be welcomed with a warm hello and immeditae service . happy hour prices cant be beat and they even provide koozies to keep your beer cold . great environment for friends and the whole family . on point all around ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw some good reviews and always looking for good pizza in charlotte so decided to give this a try . it 's a small place with about 12 tables and a bar that seats about 10 . they do have a good draft beer selection considering how small the place is . looks like they have some good happy hour food specials 4-7 m-f as well . went solo so not able to try a lot but what i did get was very good . ordered a calzone with meatballs , sausage , spinach and roasted red peppers . thought it was very good . marinara was good and it was a good size portion , this is a place i would good back to .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went on a sunday , there was one woman working and we waited a long time ... . the food was just `` ok '' - maybe it was an off night , but i truly hoped for more flavorful sauce and certainly better service for a sunday evening pizza beer night . i give the one woman working the bar and tables credit - she maintained composure and did what she could , but it was a lot to manage as nearly every table was taken as well as the bar . a bunch of what seemed to be regulars were in and out for smoke breaks which made the place smell like cigarettes pretty consistently . ( it 's a small place so this was not really shocking ) . we may be back , but it 'll be awhile before we venture in - figure we 'll give them time to get it together .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great little place ! had worlds largest calzone that was also huge on taste . good music , warm ( it was freezing outside ) . we 'll be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bar & pizza restaurant is on the smaller side of things . during lunch it can take a little bit longer to receive your food , however , both the pizzas and calzones are worth waiting for . not only are they fresh and cooked to order ( unlike some of the places that offer pizza by the slice ) , but they are also priced fairly . they also offer a daily special for those looking for additional savings . the service is reasonably quick and always friendly . i have not been during the evening , but for lunch i would recommend buona vita without hesitation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "definitely a regular here ! ! always greeted with a smile and my miller lite in a koozie . very clean , food is always on point and its a great local place with a diverse kind of crowd that all get along well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great people and a comfortable inviting atmosphere . food is great and the bartenders are attentive and keep the glasses full . thomas and becky are awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a casual restaurant and neighborhood spot . the food is good , especially the pizza and calzones . the prices are affordable and they host a very fun trivia night every thursday . the lunch specials are good for people like me who work in the office park behind the restaurant to grab a quick quality meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "efficiently changed my oil for $ 40 within 20 minutes . & fixed my my breaks for $ 500 lower than a dealership would . not bad .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was in an accident and took the car here to repair . it 's been more than four months and it 's still `` almost done '' . no wonder they are not authorized repair for some dealerships anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nightmare ... do n't know where to start . i think insurance preferred autoshop is a better choice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've never been to tcby before and this is probably the only time i 've seen one that 's not in an airport so i got curious . i do appreciate that they have yogurt ice cream and yogurt soft serve- i came here expecting that all of it is soft serve yogurt like a golden spoon . i saw a sign on the window that wednesdays are 99cent jr waffle cone days so i decided to come in for a small lunch break treat . i enjoyed the flavor and quality of the pecan praline waffle cone and you ca n't beat 99cents for a yummy treat . the lady who helped i think is the owner and was very friendly , always smiling . she also cleaned off tables and floor drips , looked at the ice cream and toppings often so i can see that there 's a lot of pride in service and cleanliness . definitely on hot work days i 'll be stopping by and trying more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rip my favorite froyo place . words can not describe the sadness both papa d and i felt upon pulling in tonight to see our favorite treat place , for 20+ years , closed down . the owners were incredible people who greeted us year after year with smiles and graciousness . you will be missed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is always something new to try here , and my favorite by far is the psychedelic ice cream . i do n't feel guilty splurging here because , 1 . ) they are reasonably priced , 2 . ) there is an assortment of flavors , options , topping , and mixing and matching you can do , and 3 . ) unlike other ice cream places , i do n't feel like i 'm adding on an addition 270 calories with 12g of fat per serving ! a healthier alternative , and the probiotics naturally within their items are always good for your health . one thing about this location is that it 's family owned , and the entire family are some of the nicest people around town . they are very welcoming , attentive , and always are smiling ! that might sound a little creepy , but they really are genuine people who take care of their business well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can see why this location closed . although the yogurt was nice ( however by no means 'the country 's best yogurt ' ) it was very over priced . the service was friendly and efficient , but the store was a ghost town .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was actually pretty surprised when i arrived . this tcby is on spring mtn rainbow in the walmart complex connected to a dry cleaning place , tiny spot out in town . we arrived and were surprised they had both soft serve yogurt and frozen ice cream looking frozen yogurt . i got `` no sugar added '' vanilla fudge brownie or something like that - not to be twisted with `` sugar free '' .. darn . but boy was it good , even better than the sugar added cookies n cream . my bf got peanut butter chocolate with strawberry something or another . both good . i 'd come back but since its on the other side of town from me it might not be too soon . next time i will try the soft serve but if you havent had the frozen-ice-cream-looking kind- its a must .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rip to my favorite frozen yogurt place : - (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tcby could not have picked a better location . nothing beats the one two punch of spicy asian food followed by yogurt or sorbet . located down the street from chinatown , and all those delicious restaurants , i could not help making my friend take me to get a waffle cone . we got the ruby red grapefruit sorbet and it was amazing . this was the perfect treat for cleansing the taste buds and settling our stomachs from hot n juicy crawfish . i am not going to knock this place because i have become so accustomed to dishing out my own serving size and choosing from a bevy of toppings . the sorbet was just too good . i will try a yogurt next time . keep in mind that they have waffle cone wednesdays . cones are apparently $ .99 , but our sorbet cost three dollars and some . maybe it is only good for chocolate and vanilla . if so , it is still worth it , because the waffle cones are delicious enough for that price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just moved from new york a few months ago and had been living with my cousin in gilbert . i recently moved into this apartment complex . pretty sweet . mark taylor property with ge appliances . it just opened in january , so it is still really new and clean . convenient to the 60 and all the tempe hot spots . any single ladies want to come check it out ? you know , for yelp research only , holla atcha boi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've been living here since january 2012 . we have not heard anything about robbery and enjoyed our place immensely . deal breakers for me were heated pool ( nov 2013 and it is warm ) , hot tub , nice little gym , granite countertops and modern look of the apartment . we do n't need much as we are young professionals with no kids . the complex is very quiet if you are not facing the swimming pool ; it may get a bit louder in summer though . the only issue we had : be careful and read their lease terms . per new lease agreement which we signed two months ago , tenants need to meticulously clean the apartment after moving out ( even light bulbs ! ) and , also , notify san portella management of moving plans 60 days prior to the lease expiration . this can be quite inconvenient . other than that we were very happy here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unit is nice . complex is quiet . we are here short term and are on the second floor . we were robbed christmas day . just learned building next to ours was robbed new years day . as of this date management has not notified other tenants about the robbery .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the landscaping and the fact that the pool and fitness centers are 24 hours . lots of closet and storage space . love the pillar communities and how they allow transfers if you 're job moves you . no high pressure sales tactics and i 've never regretted living at any pillar community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular here . the employees are definitely friendly and awesome . but the never seem to be at the register for more than 5 mins . 90 % of the times you have to go to the side and either yell for them or just stand for 510 mins before someone shows up from the kitchen . if you are understand , have a buzzer or something in the front so that we can call you instead of yelling or waiting for ever . i will change my rating if i see any improvement", "score": "1"}
{"review": "drive-thru constantly screws up making me have to get out and have my drink fixed . i get a drink from this location every day and today was the last straw , even the guy working inside said we were his 16th customer to come in and get their drink fixed in the short time they 've been open this morning . back to starbucks for me , unfortunately , because i really like dunkin coffee when it 's done right , and it 's not all that hard to not constantly forget to add mocha to a mocha ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they normally really good donuts but not at this location ... not sure what happened ... make sure all are fresh ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never has donuts i ask for ... i ask for a 10 count of munchkins 5 chocolate 5 glazed ... sorry we 're out of glazed munchkins.. okay how about a kruller.. we 're out ... okay how about a chocolate cream filled ... we 're play okay how about a double chocolate.. we have that , anything else ? noo thanks that 's the last resort donut and i 'm stuck in your drive thru ... employee said ohh.. this place sucks ... i tried this place an gain to try to give it another shot . this place sucks . they need to have this place evaluatedo by corporate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they did n't make my `` on the go '' order until i was there to pick it up . they gave me the wrong cheese on my wake-up wraps and how is the egg cold when i ate it 60 seconds later ? oh , the capper ? no receipt so i ca n't even give em crappy scores on the survey . do yourself a favor and skip this one .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i grew up with dunkin donuts . i love their french cruellers , which can be hard to find . i hate to say it though , they just are n't as good as they used to be . their donuts are n't as good as other donut places . their selection is small and limited . and dare i say , i do n't like their coffee . the only reason i will go to dunkin donuts is for a crueller . somewhere along the way , they have just become another corporate , cookie cutter business churning out a mass product .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well it looks like they 've taken the liberty to get themselves straightened out a bit . they have all trays of donuts full at 5:30 and they 're friendly . that 's all i want , it 's a place to relax for a bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am an avid dunkin ' donuts coffee drinker . i come to this dunkin ' very often as it is the closest one to my house . i 'm giving it four stars instead of five because they do often mess up our order . they are supposed to write on your cup what is in it and they rarely do . they often do n't ring it up on the register correctly either , so how are you supposed to know if they made it correctly ? i 'm also giving it four stars instead of less because they will remake your coffee if it is wrong . the staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable about their products as well ! ! i prefer dunkin ' over other coffee places because it is very reasonably priced and just as good ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the friendliest and nicest team i 've walked into . also one of the largest interior dd 's i 've been inside . i love it when people are nice and happy . plus my coffee is great ! ! xl hot coffee x sweet x light", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times . i have tried a handful of donuts and they just are not very good . their specialty filled donuts only have enough filling to taste with 1 bite . the standard hot coffee is decent . it 's the only thing i will get here anymore . dunkin just does n't stack up to competition . i have had same results at their 19th ave and deer valley location .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after a brief ( and sad ) visit to this dunkin ' donuts a few years ago when they opened this donut shop . we found the quality below what you would expect at a dunkin ' donuts . this shop is walking distance from my home . whenever the family is in the mood for a sweet breakfast i end up driving down the street , rather than walk to this dunkin 's . every now and then i stop by to see if they have improved , and yet again february 14th they have not . i was hoping to get a dozen donuts in the heart shape that they do every year and once again they where small , poorly shaped , and the frosting was just thrown on like a little kid did it . highly recommend going to any of the other donut shops in the area . the people are not even that friendly here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "stopped here this morning to pick up an order i had to place for work yesterday and the staff here was awesome ! thank you for helping me to the car with my order and for being patient .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant makes heavenly pizzas ! ! ! the crust is not too hard and not too soft , just right ! i had mine delivered home , and there is an advantage to that and it 's the 2 for 1 pizzas ! buy one get the cheapest one free ( also applicable for take-outs ) ! i had the `` p'tite '' sea food pizza and the du chef pizza . both are uuuugh too good . as the name of the restaurant says , it is a `` super choix '' ! ! ! ! i have nothing to add . this is the best pizza place in saint-basile-le-grand ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best pizza in town , period . do n't go looming elsewhere , you wo n't find a better place . the sauce is awesome , the crust just right . i 'd recommend it any day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing fancy , but hits the spot just right . something about the sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got blinds installed from diana 's recently . very professional and detail oriented . she explained and showed all the classification advantages and types in her wonderful gallery store . the installation was hassle free and clean and in a timely fashion . pricing competitive . will update how the hunter douglas product performs over the course of time and how the repairs are handled if at all any .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the second time diana helped us create beautiful ambience in our home utilizing hunter douglas window treatments . we have silhouettes in our kitchen , dining room & office that are stunning . vignettes in our bedroom that are beautiful & efficient at keeping light out as well as top down bottom up shades everywhere else . these window treatments transform a house into a home . thx for walking us through all the products to ensure we got them right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diana is great to work with and really provides excellent and personal customer service . we love our blinds and i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you need shades for you home these are the people to call . they installed hunter douglas shades in many areas of my home . each area had a different need . diana was so helpful and created the exact look for each area . we have automatic shades in tall windows of our entry . we have pull down shades in our family room and also a bedroom . we have one bedroom the the shades can either go down from the top or up from the bottom ! the most beautiful application was for a bedroom that needed specially designed shades . diana and her team measured and installed the perfect look . all of the shades add such texture and warmth . we ca n't thank diana enough for making our home so much better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "diana does outstanding work . i have had her do two complete houses in the last 10 years . her customer service is superior as is the quality of installation . you ca n't go wrong calling diana and her daughter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed my hunter douglas motorized blinds serviced . one call to diana 's blinds and designs and my blinds were up and running that afternoon . bruce , the installer serviceman was punctual , professional and knowledgeable . i will definitely go to diana 's blinds for future window treatment needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best pizza place in laval . who gives you 2 large all dressed pizzas with 3 cans for 28.85 ? they have amazing prices . they also have halal salami and halal chicken ( for pitas etc ) .their delivery service is fast and do n't charge for paying debt or credit . be sure to give them a try , they wo n't disappoint .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a quick fix on the way to my parents house . slice of pizza was 2 dollars with tax included . pizza guy was friendly . the place was clean ! ! which was a pleasant surprise since all pizza by the slice joints are caked in oil and sadness . the pizza itself was decent , fresh and a big size .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza here is decent but nothing that really stands out . the crush is good the toppings a bit spare , i think i need to eat more than a 10 ' inch to truly know if it 's better but at it stands , it 's average . you can order online which is pretty nice but it 's definitely not a perfect experience as they will call you back informing you that the toppings your chose are n't available at the time you order , which happened to me . kind of pointless and inconvenient to have such a huge menu when toppings drink are n't there . price tag is good , particularly the 2 for 1 pizzas . the delivery was very fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wine and design is my favorite place in charlotte , and i try to go at least once a month . w & d is my `` place '' - i `` selfishly '' block this time each month to do something just for me . it 's fun , relaxing , and i come away with something unique that i 've created , under the direction of fabulous artists that work with you to make your painting a masterpiece . the owners are two truly phenomenal young women , the leading artists are amazing , and the studio is always hosting fundraising painting events for local non-profits in charlotte . also , i 've visited other painting and wine studios in charlotte , and wine and design stands out in two ways : the people ( owners and artists who are above and beyond any expectations ) , and the paintings ( great instruction from the artists , and truly beautiful paintings ) . they deserve 5 stars , for sure ! keep up the great work , wine and design charlotte ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a private birthday party for a friend of mine and we really had a good time . very personal and low key . we brought in our snacks and wine and just enjoyed painting and hanging out . this was my first visit at this particular place but i have been to several others . i find it very relaxing . this is in a convenient location with other shops so after you 're done you can check out other places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i attended a paint party at wine and design . the studio is quite nice and bright . as someone that has never painted before i was concerned this would be really difficult especially after a glass or two of wine . it was not at all . the painter was great and gave clear step by step instructions for us slow people . she was also very helpful when i could n't get somethings just right . i ca n't wait to go back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the employee who taught the peacock class a few weeks ago was not very friendly , and rushed everyone along . i was not even finished when she told me to get up for the group photo . she was busy sketching her snowman on a canvas when people started coming in . maybe a little more time focusing on the people who paid to be there and you would have more repeat customers for business . she was literally taking items away when people were still trying to finish up . then she sat outside waiting on a ride when we all left . so , we got chased out for what exactly ? they close at 9 and we were out by 8:53 . not fast enough for her rude self !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was really looking forward to the painting class with my mom and sisters , but it was a horrible experience . the instructor was a great artist and the owner was nice , but room management wise , it was unacceptable . there was a very drunk guest and her friends who kept using profanity ( yelling fuck , motherfuckers , yelling inappropriate jokes about different ethnicities , and even called someone in class a bitch ) . the owners did not address the woman 's rude behavior for the full 2 hours of the class ! ! ! it 's very disappointing because i was looking forward to coming back and doing future paintings with this wine and design location , but i will be going elsewhere . $ 35.00 was a waste when i could n't hear the artist 's directions over a very obnoxious and vile person who was not asked to leave for her behavior .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great for small and large groups ! the instructor was so helpful ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice place , but the employee with an accent could n't get us out of there fast enough . we were 10 mintues in and she said `` for those of you that are detailed oriented you wo n't finish in time '' . plus , she acted super annoyed that she had to refill our paint and getting us additional napkins . she barely helped the artist ( ladora ? ) who was great and made a point to stay over to help us . will try other studios .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so much fun . never painted before and now i have several paintings on my wall that i am quite proud of .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent time today at triple diamond farm in mooresville with the fab staff at wine & design ! despite the rain , the staff led a 2 hour event with great enthusiasm and expertise ! i would recommend this crew to anyone looking for a unique and relaxing event . hats off to alaina and heather !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first wine and design class and i really liked it . i purchased 2 open gallery sessions as a christmas gift for my mom . the atmosphere was pleasant and all of out products were set up when we arrived . we jumped right in and eric ( host ) would chime in with very helpful tips . all in all we had a great time and left with artwork we were very proud of . i would recommend this to anyone looking for a creative outlet . i wish we had more instructor supervisin , but i think other classmates had more difficult pieces that ours . i 'd add pictures but do n't see the option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went with a few friends - was so fun ! sign up online was easy . they really give a lot of help - with a pencil drawn outline and great instruction - but also encourage you going on your own tangent and doing your own thing . one of our party could n't make it and they were very gracious and happily gave credit toward a future visit . do n't forget - it byow ( bring your own wine ) will definitely go back -", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed eric as an artist and teacher . he went a little fast during some of the instruction , but i was able catch up . i painted the city girl which was absolutely beautiful ! the best thing about art is that there is no right or wrong ... it 's just your expression ! ! ! it was a fun time . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cat was above and beyond amazing ! the art studio is in a great location and the ambiance is perfect . i mixed up my days , and showed up for the wrong painting ! and the class was pretty full . oops but cat allowed me to do the painting i was scheduled for the next day . and she was so sweet and helpful . she even let me stay a tad longer to add some detail . thank you so much for a great evening !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i attended elephant night . the artist was super friendly and helped me customize my painting the way i wanted it to look . the owners ( who i know personally ) provided some really good food . there was plenty of wine . it exceeded my expectations . great place for a different kind of night out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "+1 star for novelty +1 star for enabling my laziness -1 star for every employee who looked decidedly unhappy to be there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "papa murphy 's is cheap and i can make it at my convenience at home . ca n't argue with that . unlike most other pizza places the size of their pies has not shrunk over time to try to garner more profits but the prices have gone up , but i can get an easy to modify pizza with a variety of toppings and they do n't charge me an extra $ 2 per change like some other places . yeah , it 's not instantly hot and i have to cook it at home but that is what makes it so you can get a huge pizza for the price of a tiny pizza from pizza hit . papa murphy 's has a life long customer in me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a real `` woohoo . '' that pizza is delicious , it 's cheap as heck , and okay , are you so lazy you ca n't pick up a raw pizza and cook it yourself ? i found the sausage pizza red sauce a bit salty , but the veggie is unique and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful bake-it yourself pizza . my friend and i always get the vegetarian and it comes loaded with all the usual veggies and ample cheese . there 's a gourmet vegetarian option with artichoke hearts and spinach that 's great as well . they have good fresh salads and cookie dough for sale also . service went downhill there for awhile-they had some downright sullen people in there who used to get upset with us if we came in a half hour before closing , because they were wanting to clean up for the night . but those employees seem to be gone and everyone is very nice again . prices are very reasonable and the food is of high quality . a winner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "though technically this is a chain franchise and the product is standardized , their pizza is actually a very good value and good quality for the price . yes , you have to bake it at home , but i think that the end result is better than take-out , delivery or frozen because you can enjoy the pizza hot-out the oven . combined with any promotions or coupons thru the mail , you get twice as much for your money compared to eating out . with leftover pizza , this or any other , wrap in foil while still warm , then freeze ( not refrigerate ) . you can microwave or pop into a toaster oven and enjoy better leftovers than if you leave in the fridge .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice , fast and friendly staff . i love love love their hawaiian pizza .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's convenient and hot ( because i bake it ) and cheap if you can catch a deal . they hire kids that do n't care much about the customers . if your not a regular that they recognize , you might get treated ok ... you might not . tonight , i ordered extra cheese as one of my 5 topping for $ 10 tues. and barely got any cheese on my pizza . while others walked out with their pizzas loaded . i 'm soooo done with this location . the staff changes often & they need an adult ( manager or assistant ) present during prime hours .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is an update on my review of 8 12 15 in fairness i want to report that susan mcgough the agent from remax managed to get her sellers to make right two of the many items that were left broken at closing when i was not allowed a proper inspection . while this was helpful and appreciated it does not make me want to repeat the disastrous experience i had buying this property . in a perfect world people would just do the right thing from the start and therefore avoid a lot of heartbreak .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i called malinda odle , associate broker , because she was the only contact source for a rental listing in chandler . i left a voice mail on her cell phone and sent her an email with a time and date to meet . she responded to the email within a reasonable amount of time , but in her email she said she would get back to me to confirm the time . well , she never responded . so i called her and she must have accidentally answered the phone , perhaps thinking i was someone else , because she hung up as i began to speak . i called her back twice and she ignored one call and let the phone ring to voice mail on the second call . i sent her an email advising her not to call or email me back because her behavior is unwarranted and unprofessional . i do not conduct business with such .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were looking to lease or purchase and although we have not finalized that purchase yet the staff here did guide us in the right direction i am definitely returning here to make my first purchase", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i had read all these reviews before i signed up on healthcare.gov . i made sure to check doctors and specific plans before i signed up , but when it came down to actually making an appointment with the doctors i was told they did n't take my plan and did n't know why healthnet even had them on the website . i stopped trying to find a doctor after about a dozen tries and am paying out of pocket . i called healthcare.gov and they said i am stuck with healthnet until november unless i can prove there was some mistake on the healthcare.gov website . should n't negligence fraud on the part of healthnet count for something ? we were all tricked ! now i am paying for an insurance i ca n't even use . affordable healthcare is n't so affordable after all . the only reason i am keeping it is because i might get something covered if a tragedy happened . it is supposed to be everyday health insurance , not catastrophic insurance !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i could not be more frustrated with healthnet if i was trying to plead my case to a chimpanzee ! we picked healthnet as our healthcare.gov `` gold '' plan , have been paying premiums since january , have had our coverage cancelled now twice for billing issues , really difficult with claims , and several other billing related problems . please keep in mind we have paid all of our premiums and still have had all of these billing issues . the latest ... keep in mind it is august 11th ... we received a notice today that our coverage was terminated july 1st ... they have the money , we have no coverage ... almost 6 weeks later to get any kind of indication of this matter , no e mail , no calls ! although they are johnny on the spot with e mailing the bills and taking the money from my account via ach ... still ... even after it says on their website i have been terminated ! just ridiculous !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had health net of arizona for nine months , since january 2012 . nothing but problems and red tape . website freezes or otherwise refuses to operate . software problems go on and on , never fixed . blockades and road blocks everywhere in the system , even down to routine address changes . stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when i first was evaluating a new health insurance plan at the beginning of the year , health net looked like a good option . i even checked at their website to make sure my key doctors were in network ( platinum ppo plan ) and they were . after some snags in getting signed up i was finally set for start may 1 and paid my first month 's premium . set up an account online and went to put in my primary care doctor only to find he was not listed in network . turns out none of my doctors were ! the health net rep i spoke with confirmed these pathetic results . fortunately , i have n't cancelled my existing plan and will have to just stay on it until the next open enrollment i guess .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stay away fro health net of arizona for your health insurance needs ! ! incompetent to say the least . months after no longer being insured with health net , some incompetent employee transcribed the wrong end date for my insurance coverage ... even though it shows payment for that month and then health net took back all monies it paid to providers because of a wrong transcription date of end coverage ! ! ! i am now receiving bills from providers previously paid and i ' finding it an impossibility to clear up this matter even though `` management '' and copies of correct insurance end dates ! ! ! no phone calls returned so that i can follow up this matter . stay away from healthnet ... ... total idiots reside at this company . i now have this complaint filed with the arizona board of insurance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lololoz healthnet of arizona is the biggest joke of a company . thankfully i am somewhat healthy because if i was not , i would not be counting on healthnet to help me get there . no ... . and i repeat no ! dr. wants to do business with them . i am getting rejected by dr.s that are listed online as `` in network '' on my plan . there name should be health not !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it only got worse . in the end we paid for months that we apparently were not covered and for services directly to doctors that should have been covered . we have since moved to blue cross of az and it has been smooth as silk . i was starting to think it was me ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wanted to post an update to be fair . since my original post , i believe healthnet of az has hired a tremendous amount of new customer service reps . the reason i say that is the last two times i 've called , i 've literally reached a representative and had my problem solved and or question answered within minutes . i imagine they received numerous complaints similar to mine and have finally gotten their act together . i am therefore changing my original 1 star rating to three . they 're definitely not perfect , but they seem to be making an effort .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "health net of az is horrible ! i make my payments early and they send me notices that i did n't pay - which when i call they say they did receive my payment . the people on the phone do n't know anything and always want to put you on hold to make notes in the account or look up information . plus the phone numbers they tell you open at 7am really do n't open until 8am . their website is also very poor . it lists providers with incorrect contact information or who are not taking this insurance or who are not taking new patients . just more lies upon lies - no wonder this was the cheapest shit from obama-care . i would be better off to not have insurance and pay the fee .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my doctor who has been a health net provider for many years . when he opened his new private practice it took health net 4 months to approve him as a provider . my wife saw him a month after he was accepted by health net and her claim was denied because health net could not figure out he was an approved doctor for nearly 3 months after they approved him . hours spent on the phone eventually lead to payment months later . on the last day of february 2015 health net cancelled in error my company group health policy but did not notify anyone until april 7th . health net claims they reinstated the policy back to march 1st but i am waiting to see if this is true . today my wife called to make an appointment with our eye doctor who has been a health net md for many years . my wife was told health net without explanation dropped his practice from their provider list . health net seems to have high employee turnover and a reputation for poor service . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company must think everybody has a whole day to hold on the phone . every time i call the machine says `` we know your time is valuable and we 'll be with you shortly '' and every time i call the wait time is at least 20 or more minutes , then , you finally get a hold of somebody and they put you on hold for another 20 minutes more . i am looking at my phone and it says i have been on hold 42 minutes~ , and i am still holding ! then , if i e-mail , they do n't answer it . the only thing they do quick is take payments .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on hold two different times for 33minutes and 48 minutes . writing this as i 'm still on hold with claims . they pay but they sure do make it hard on everyone . they constantly send notice to doctors and hospitals to resubmit more info . by that time doctor sends it to collections . i 'm on hold to see why they do n't pay it cause i checked ebo and it 's covered . frustrating ! your just on hold forever ! ! my husbands small business is due for renewing medical insurance next month and i 'm lobbying him and his brother , the owners , to switch ! healthnet picked up and now i 'm on hold while they see why it was n't paid . 1hr 43 seconds later i 'm still holding ugg . unless you have a lot of free time get another insurance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "is there a negative 10 . this is the second time that i have been without insulin for over 2-3 days due to there ignorance at record keeping . the last time they had not removed my last employer who i had not worked for in over a year and after that a month later it is the exact same happening again . the pharmacy group said this goes on all of the time ... how can this be allowed ? where is obama now ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "navigating through health insurance is difficult enough without the extra added frustration of dealing with billing . they accepted my doctor in the network only to reject their charges for services 5 months later . their billing services is awesome if you like pain and punishment . i pay for 2 months , get a notice of cancellation after i am told i do n't owe for paying twice ... the second star is for the one great experience with member services who helped me navigate through my billing mess . i do not recommend this insurance plan to anyone .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after all of the frustration , i called them to cancel . i was told that i did n't need to cancel and that the policy would be cancelled automatically if i did n't pay . fast forward to the end of the year when i receive a $ 1400 bill . i call them to see why and they said that that the policy does not get cancelled automatically . to add insult to injury , they said that they did n't have any notes on file that i have called previously ; i have called and spoken to them no fewer than 6 times . edit : i spoke to jose who was the first helpful - not defensive and argumentative - person i 've encountered . am filing an appeal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful company . trying to phase out sick people who need help and who have done nothing wrong . horrible !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give this company negative 5 stars if i would . nearly impossible to find an in-network provider , and when you do find a doctor and they submit a claim , 9 times out of 10 healthnet of arizona denies the claim . then you have to call to dispute it and wait on hold , be transferred , and explain yourself several different times . as if it is n't bad enough that you needed to go to the doctor in the first place ! their cs agents are nice enough , so i do n't blame them . it is just a horrible insurance company . if i was allow to drop out of my company 's plan with them , i would , but unless i can prove other coverage , i am not allow to drop it , so $ 200 gone from each pay check for less than nothing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "healthnet is the worst health plan ever- i wish there was a zero stars choice- it was a year of hassles and not getting the medical care i needed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i received a arbitrary termination notice stating my daughter is no longer eligible 4 30 17 . her effective date was 1 1 17 . no reason was given for the termination . when calling health net and talking to 2 customer service representatives , a representative from the market place and receiving no explanation i demanded to talk to a supervisor or manager and placed on hold for what seemed like hours . i will now proceed with contacting the arizona department and request a thorough investigation of health net of arizona and their policies and procedures governing membership . furthermore since they are the only carrier in arizona ( maricopa county ) i will also pursue damages regarding any penalties which i am subject to under obamacare .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried to join with a hope and dream . keep calling to make sure everything was going good they would ask the same questions . supposed to start dec 1st never received any information until i gave up . then 12 20 2014 received acceptance letter but they spelled my wifes 1st name wrong . when i called they said i was canceled . ended with blue cross and bleu shield of az . within three days i received a letter to verify everthing was correct and it was wow you get what yoy pay for .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first off , i would like to say thank you to teresa who sold me my first janome sewing machine over the holidays . i was n't sure what brand to choose from at first since there are so many out there and i grew up used to using my singer . she helped me choose the best and i could n't be more happier.i really appreciate her guidance because machines are not like what they used to be . the janome brand was the way to go ; and better warranty as well . i definitely would recommend sewing world to any new begginer to the world of sewing or even those with years of experience . teresa and christina were both well educated on all their products and they really know how to pick a machine based on individual needs . what i loved most was that they welcome you with a smile and they treat you like a person and not a transaction . i ca n't wait to start my lessons !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "though it is a bit hard to find as there were no outside sign except for a little printed name on the entrance of a shopping plaza within the shoppers plaza on danforth and victoria park , but when i got there i was not disappointed . it 's like a janome heaven : ) teresa the manager was so helpful and friendly . and a true salesperson . i made my research before i went there but as you might know it 's hard to find prices for the janome machines online as they are real pricy . but they had a renovation sale , everything was almost50 % off . so i bought the sewist 625e for 499 $ which is a very reasonable price . i saw online that there was another store that had it for 450 $ but not in toronto so i would pay the difference in shipping and handling . and the machine comes with unlimited lessons on how to use it and all it 's features , which i really need being a newbie ; ) they also offer sewing classes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a great experience here ! i thought i had broken something on my machine , turns out it was just a minor adjustment required which they did free of charge . i bought a private lesson with christina , she spent an hour teaching me everything i needed to know to use my machine . everyone in there is super friendly and helpful . i was n't sold anything i did n't need , and was taught everything i needed to know- highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow what a great store ! ! ! i was buying a machine as a gift for my wife . to be honest did not know anything about sewing machines . the staff at the sewing world were extremely fun and helpful . they walked me threw their large selection of machines step by step . explaining everything i needed to know to choose the right machine . they also stand behind their product . they told me that my wife could either call or come in to the store and they would show her how to use the machine . their prices are very competitive and their service is unmatched . i fully recommend them . also they offer classes which i look forward to trying out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in with my groomsmen not exactly sure what we were looking for and not sure if we were going to buy or rent . first salesman gave us a basic idea on prices and told us to wait for somebody else . walked around for a or 20 mins getting no help when another woman approached us to help , had an attitude and did n't listen to anything i wanted . told her i wanted pants and jacket and she kept giving me prices on full suits , shirts , shoes and ties and could n't help me at all with pricing suits to buy . i asked her to give me a breakdown in writing and said she 'd be back . she disappeared , started helping other customers , said she 'd be right back and again blew us off and left us hanging . i 've gotten several suits through this exact store and no previous problems . this was a horrible experience and we all walked out frustrated . thanks though , i found the perfect suit over at belk !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have shopped at the mw in concord several times and had really good experiences . we went in to this location near carolina place today to look for a prom tux for my son . we were advised a `` tux advisor '' would come and assist . the young lady they sent over was awful . she was rude , unhelpful and acted bored . after a couple of questions ( all posed with the undertone of `` i truly could n't care less ) i thanked her for her time and told her we would look elsewhere . men 's wearhouse - please work on your hiring . i 've gotten better service at mcdonald 's ! we wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i can not recommend this store . the mens wearhouse at south park is much better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lets face it , most of these chain stores are a lot the same so it 's almost a `` boilerplate '' layout and selection . however , i really like this location . reason being is that the staff is always very friendly and helpful and not pushy at all . they will approach you and try and help out if need be but if you say no thanks they will give you some distance . also , if you are a coupon person you can usually find some good discounts on seasonal items but you have to look around for said coupons first or just ask the employees and they will hand them out to you . they know coupons help get people to spend so they are very much on board with that program .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to be my favourite sushi place in the city . until i found a cockroach in my food . that was pretty awful . photo posted in the pictures section .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had no idea how much i enjoyed korean food until i tried this place . lots of vegan vegetarian options . my favourite dish is the dolsot vegetable bibim bop ; tofu , veggies with glass noodles on rice , served in a stone bowl . it 's tasty and quite filling . the most amazing thing about this place , and i 'm guessing about korean restaurants in general , are all the appetizers they bring before your meal ! they bring you salad , miso soup , steamed edamame , spicy cabbage , little ( soy ? ) beans in something of a bbq sauce , and a couple other things that i 'm not entirely sure of , but they 're darn tasty . you 're practically full before the meal even gets there ! alright , that 's not entirely true but you get what i mean . all that and conveniently located close to the scotia bank theater . grab a meal before your next movie ! - scotia bank is going to give me some free movie tickets for name dropping them right ? well it 's worth a shot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in order for me to eat sushi , i have to really be in the mood . unlike some people , i do n't want it all the time . when i do want it however , i usually head to ho su . with some of the most reasonable sushi prices around town , ho su sits in a league of its own . ho su sushi is fresh and delicious and the staff does their best to be as efficient and quick as possible . i 've often sat down , ordered , eaten and paid my bill all in the span of a half hour . now that 's noteworthy ... especially when you 're in a rush to get back to your queen st. shopping spree . the restaurant is pretty big ( it stretches out and around in the back ) and i 've never had to wait for a table . plus if you work in the vicinity , the good people at ho su are happy to offer you a discount ! the service is good , the sushi is great and the prices are unparallelled . happy eating !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hosu is a mix of japanese and korean food . it 's a bit of a chain with a few locations , they do delivery and they sure can process a ton of people through the lunch hour . when i used to work across the street , i liked that i got a 10 % discount with my employee card and that they could take and make an order in ten minutes . what 's not so good ? the sushi cuts are not the cleanest in the city , so the sashimi sometimes tastes mildly fishy , it 's best to stick to bento boxes , maki and their noodle and soup dishes . it leans more towards korean than anything else , so if you like meat , this is a quick , easy way to grab some korean bbq for lunch . they have a small patio out front that turns over quickly if you 'd prefer to people watch in the summer as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my bf and i ordered delivery from hosu last week and i just wanted to make a note about how this restaurant really displayed the three f 's . fast - they took the order and delivered it very fast and efficiently friendly- the woman who took the order was lovely . the delivery man was happy and just so great fresh - sometimes when i order sushi delivery , it is n't so fresh but this place delivered fresh and delicious fish . just passing on the awesome service and food experience i had when ordering delivery at hosu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite sushi spots in the city . i definitely like the fact that you get free little appetizers when you order , which is something a lot of sushi places do n't seem to do . i tend to stick to the maki combinations and i have never been disappointed . the service is always bang-on and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i previously encountered cockroach incidences at both locations many years ago : a roach running around on the dining floor at queen location and a floating one in my soup noodle at eglinton . i had it reported to dinesafe , who later reported they had cleaned up their act . i always loved their bibimbop so i decided to go back again last night , but encountered yet another small roach in my salad ! the waitress did not look the least bit alarmed when i pointed it out to her , and only mumbled a `` sorry '' before bringing another salad , which i did not feel like eating at that point . strike three , hosu . will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i go here with a good friend for dinner once a month , and we get bibimbap . it comes with miso and a bit of salad , and we drink bottomless cups of green tea . it 's a crazy cheap meal ( like $ 15 each with tax and tip ) and the bowls are hot , full , and super tasty . service is what i 've come to expect in spots like this ( you are served by 2 or 3 different very busy people that you have to be a little pushy to flag down , whatever , just holler ) but for us , it 's the perfect thing . you can usually find street parking somewhere around here in the evenings , which is good as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i worked at queen & john ho su used to be our asian food eatery of choice and it trumps any of the queen market food court counters , east or those other signless spots along queen . the food is decent but nothing remarkable . i usually order six mixed maki - avocado and sweet potato and it 's more than enough food , and under $ 5 !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "used to come here fairly often because of it 's convenient location but was never that impressed with the sushi or other japanese dishes . really , the only selling point was the prices ( big meal for under $ 10 ) . i found the tempura to be heavy and greasy and the sushi to be meh . recently went back to give them another chance , but this time tried the korean part of the menu . i had the vegetarian bibimbap that comes in a hot pot . delicious ! also , nice that they serve the red sauce in a separate dish so that you can control the spicy-ness . plus , if you order from the korean dishes , you get all those free side dishes : ) so , my opinion of hosu has improved and i would recommend trying some of their korean dishes ( and going somewhere else down the street if you want japanese ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "platinum sashimi did n't have much variety . the sushi tasted fishy and stringy . chicken bi-bim bop was slightly better , but the chicken tasted rubbery . the ambiance was n't on par with this hip strip of queen street . i 'm sorry to say , but this place has seen better days .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hosu used to be a nice go-to lunch spot but the quality has gone down substantially since ownership changed . after a couple of red and yellow cards . i 've steered away from this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "highly affordable japanese korean food , and your taste buds will love you for taking them there . my favourite things on the menu are the dolsot vegetable bibim bop , spicy tuna maki and of course miso soup . i am also a big fan of their kimchi mmmm . warning : the place is crammed on the weekends ( due to the deliciousness ) !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "inexpensive , wide selection of asian fusion , great location . this is a great option for quick eats on a budget with a great selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "serviceable , inexpensive and good at churning out the customers . seating is cramped but they 've got lots of bento-box or -buri options . getting take out from here is good . i miss that pages bookstore that used to be next door . god , that totally makes me feel like an old person .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure why people in toronto are so picky about sushi . this place has dam good food for the price . i have eaten at least 20 different places in to for sushi and this has been definitely one of the most consist ant places . i have had an average experience here one or 2 times out of many times . the service is fast and friendly . the rolls are of good portion with a lot of fish . the lunch specials are very good . this place is way above average . this is not nobu nor should it be compared to a place where yo have drop 80 bucks a person . 20 bucks can get you a special you can split between 2 people and be stuffed . fresh , fast , friendly . that is what you get . the only reason i do not give 5 stars is that most combos come with a calf . roll .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "restaurant is alright , they have pretty decently priced lunch specials ( ~ $ 7- $ 13 ) so that 's probably why it 's so packed during lunch hour . the food was pretty average . i had the chicken teriyaki lunch box ( ~ $ 8 ) . the chicken was a bit dry and little too much sauce ( and too sweet ) on the korean glass noodles for my liking . the box also included rice , coleslaw , bean sprouts and carrots which were pretty much fillers . lunch also comes with standard salad and miso soup . the space was pretty tight and we were sitting at the back of the restaurant , so it was pretty stuffy half way through our meal . the lights were also really dim , so i was pretty drowsy as well . be mindful if you are going as a group , they already charge 15 % service tax on the bill ! being on queen st w. , i would walk a bit further for japanese food that is around the same price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "extremely disappointed in a recent visit to hosu . i ordered sushi which was pretty bad but it was the quality of my dining companion 's meal that is alarming . she ordered chicken katsu which came to the table undercooked . it was full out pink . i pointed it out to the waitress who offered to cook it again . my friend was feeling pretty queasy and declined a second cooking . so i asked that we get a discount on our bill . then the manager came over to tell us that it was n't undercooked . it was marinade . no , there 's a difference between a marinated tint and just plain undercooked chicken . beware of what you 're biting into at hosu .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sushi chef went to bathroom and did not wash his hands after he was done ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! and no , this is not made up ... i wish it was as i used to go there rather often . f % & # gross ! ! stay away ! i guess he did n't see me as i was in the stall but i could see him . ( i 'm 6'4 '' and can see over the top of the stall ) messed up ! ! ! i saw him later at the sushi bar making sushi ! yup ! ! ! i almost lost my dinner right there and then . i told the manager after because i was so grossed out and she acted like it was no big deal ! ! ! ! wtf ? do not eat here ! there are so many options around so steer clear of ho su bistro ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've had food from this place for a couple dozen times . almost always for take-out , so i 'm not sure if that affects the quality of the meal . the amount of meat has decreased over-time , and some of the dishes that advertise meat ( such as the udon noodle soup ) have at best a few small pieces . i would go with the bento boxes that come with tempura shrimp and veggies . $ 13.50 for a box with rice , bean sprouts , and your choice of chicken beef salmon . however , the meat may be undercooked , which is a problem . i 've tried various appetizers , and most of them were underwhelming . rolls and sashimi options were n't particularly wowful either , given their price . oh , and expect bean sprouts . lots of bean sprouts .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "warning : someone who works here is likely skimming credit card numbers . beware .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to go to this place more often . it 's a mediocre sushi place that is able to satisfy my cravings . i like the hwae dop bop which is essentially chirashi ( fresh fish ) on salad . i admit this isnt ' the best place for sushi , but it does have a good location and nice pricing atmosphere 3.5 5 food 3 price 4 5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have a tendency to go to this restaurant when i want to catch a movie flick at paramount theaters because it 's so close by . eating here for more that 5 years , i would n't say this is the best japanese ( sushi sashimi ) restaurant i 've been to but it 's still pretty decent with cheap picks ! ( they also serve korean dishes , though not authentic ) . servers are nice and friendly but sometimes really slow on the service but the last time i went , i think they 're getting better . everything on menu is priced reasonably and for approximately $ 5 , you can get a pretty generous bento lunch that comes with rice , ( chicken , beef or salmon ) teriyaki , shrimp and veggie tempura , coleslaw and clear rice noodles . not to shabby at all . but in terms of sushi , they definitely use too much rice and very little fish which is surprisingly pretty fresh . overall , ho su is good casual restaurant to go to but not the best if you 're planning to try excellent sushi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've visited the restaurant many times because i lived near the area , and overall it 's okay . i would go here if i was too tired to cook for the night or if i wanted a quick asian fix , but it 's not recommended for any foodies . the sushi is okay , nothing superb , and the korean food is to be honest really average . i 'm korean so i know how good korean food tastes like ... and their korean food could be much improved . the service was alright- i 've never really had a friendly waitress get my order nor did anyone go out of their way to make sure i had a good meal . if you have the time , go to koreatown for better korean food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the better places for cheap sushi , i find . sashimi is succulent too . packed on saturdays , but turn over is quick . just be prepared to grease yourselves in to a table if you number more than 3 . they do like to pack them in , but in their defense , the patrons do n't mind as long as the food is good . good selection of asian beers too . the three apps that first come out ( kimchi , beans ... and i 've already forgotten the third ) are a tease - all very tasty , but obviously something just to whet the appetite . well played , sir .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here for both take out and eating in , and both times i 've left feeling wanting . this is not the friendliest place and if you have questions they 're not very forthcoming in helpfulness . i found that sometimes they brushed me off . the food itself is fine . it 's like most cheap sushi joints in toronto , where the sushi is satisfying enough but it wo n't blow you away at all . people are saying the prices are good , but i have n't found that their sushi sets are particularly well priced . if you go across to spadina queen you 'll find much better deals and more selection . if you 're in a jam or want to grab something quickly , this place will do . otherwise i would n't recommend this place for a date or nice evening out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good quality food . i ordered the galbi ( $ 12.95 on grabb app ) . the meat was tasty and not too chewy . the gave a good amount of slices . the other side dishes are your usual -salad , miso soup , sweet potato noodles and a-choy . for that price and size , i 'd definitely come back . for you download grabb app for first-time users , use this promo code now and $ 5 loaded to your account . promo code : xa3qz", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i waited an hour and a half for my delivery order to arrive ( sushi and tempura for 2 ) . i ended up calling to cancel . it takes me 15 minutes to walk here from my condo , i do not live very far . not impressed , ho su . not impressed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had the dynamite maki & spicy salmon maki lunch and it was pretty good and filling . it was not a particularly memorable sushi lunch , but it helped ease my sushi cravings and was pretty good for just $ 9.50 . when i went , the restaurant was being renovated so it was a bit hard to find as it was covered in these wooden board things , and had just a white sign indicating that it was still open and there . my friends walked passed it several times while we were looking for a place to stop for lunch . it 's a pretty small place , so do n't bring a huge group , but it 's a pretty good place to grab a nice lunch if you are in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely a fan of this place . it 's my go-to for takeout sushi downtown . the sashimi is fresh and tasty . the rolls are good and as an added bonus : you can sub for brown rice . when eating in , the rice in the rolls is still warm which creates a tasty contrast with the cold fish . the soho roll ( no rice , cucumber wrapping ) is also really tasty . loses a star on inconsistency . there have been a few incidents where the sashimi has n't been fresh or the order has taken too long . also a bit expensive for the quantity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the chicken teriyaki bento lunch special . it had the usual setup ( chicken , bean sprouts , rice , miso , broccoli ) with a side of korean japchae ( forgive my misspelling ! ) . service was friendly and food was arrived within a few minutes . there 's also a slight quiet and eerie ambiance since the tables hidden deep within the long alley from the main entrance . if you 're looking for reasonable japanese food in a somewhat private space , then hosu would be ideal . otherwise , you may want to explore sushi time or aji sai nearby .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "vegan in loooove ! ! i love ho su . so do my 3 and 4 y old . all vegan , we are able to order just about anything off of the menu . you can also ask for brown rice instead of white . veggie bi bim bop ? yes ! tons of veggie appetizers , maki , hand rolls , and even the broth of the soup can be ordered vegan . the prices are great-some of the best i 've seen downtown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to give it 1 star : ( . so i went back to this place after 10 yrs as i was in the neighbourhood . this place was packed in its hey day . i ordered the red dragon roll , 4 pieces of tobiko sushi & a small hot sake . i enjoyed the food as i was hungry . they also gave me a small appetizer if korean kimchi & accompaniments . now 2 hrs later i have a bad stomach ache . i only had 2 macarons 1 hr after dinner so it could n't be the macarons . i wo n't be going back . the fish seemed fresh so i am not sure if it was thw fish .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been one of my favourites for sushi take out in the city for a long time . the sushi is always fresh , portions are good , great sized portions , great value . always have a great experience when i order from them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was introduced to ho su bistro back in 2011 and i have been many times with friends . the prices are great and so are the portions but it 's nothing special to say the least . the food can be a little bland at times . a few times i ate here i did n't feel like the food was the freshest . i did n't get sick or anything but anywhere i choose to eat i want the food to be fresh obviously . they have a pretty typical menu . the service has always been fast and friendly . i personally wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to eat at hosu regularly but lately my gang of friends has been heading across the road to sushi time . i like ho su for the little kimchi , soy beans and potato julienne appetizers they bring you shortly after you 've ordered and they do n't charge extra for tea . the sushi is good + fresh . servers are nice . do n't count of getting great food service if you go there near closing time , which is fairly early for queen street ( i believe 10 or 11 p.m . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just a warning . this review is totally personal and the food here is not those `` you must try it in your life type '' , thus minus one star . i do love their tempura though . the sauce is great . as good as it was ten years ago . i feel that they just refill the same container day after day . thats how great taste comes from . like aging cheese or using bacteria to make wine . yes i know nothing about cheese and wine , and this place is just like that . not serving special fish or authentic sushi . but fill you with wholesome food before or after you go to the gym or to cinema . the service here is good too . yum ... just ate a piece of yam tempura . i do like it . it is personal but i like it . one last point about this place is that its not too busy that you cant get a table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to hosu meany times . it 's one of my favorite places to go to for sushi weather i 'm getting take out , or sitting and dinning in . i 'm big on sashimi and they always have the freshest ikura . some places mix ikura with the smaller tobiko and i do n't like it i like the full on ikura salmon roe and they are super fresh . the service has always been speedy , friendly . i have never had a problem at this restaurant and the price is just right for me . it is definitely a place i would recommend and go back to over and over .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have mainly ate at the location near yonge eglinton but i do n't work up there anymore . so i frequent the queen st. west location now . i do n't eat sushi but this is my favourite restaurant in the city for their chicken teriyaki and veggie tempura . they have a mix of japanese and korean foods on the menu . the staff are always pleasant . the food is usually hot and fresh . sadly this past visit my veggie tempuras were almost raw . but my rice , chicken and veggies were great ! the shrimp tempura was hot and fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the inside has more seating than it looks like from the outside , so do n't be fooled . beware of coming on warmer days , as it seems like the air conditioning inside is never fully on ( it was quite warm when i came , and the interior of the restaurant reflected that ) . however , the service was quick and friendly , and the portion sizes were quite large . i had the beef bibimbap and i was n't able to finish it . taste wise , it was pretty standard , but they definitely did n't skimp on the beef ! prices were also pretty low considering it 's on queen west .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "casual sushi asian restaurant . relatively inexpensive sushi and bento boxes . i go here for meals on the fly . this is not a high end restaurant . service is pretty good and the food is pretty tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for pick-up a couple times , wo n't be back again . last time i was overcharged and got home to find my order totally wrong . walk a few blocks , to-ne is much better for the cost .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my favorite sushi restaurant in toronto , for sure . the service here is excellent , the food is fresh . i have introduced so many friends to this place , one of the server remember my name and makes me feel special : @ the most popular food are the galbi and hosu roll .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been to hosu twice in one week and i 'll be coming back . visit # 1 : ordered the avocado salad and the deep fried korean chicken dish ( their speciality ) - the salad was meh , but the chicken dish was actually pretty good and a huge portion even though i got the small . visit # 2 : ordered the spicy salmon maki and the beef bibimbap , take out . the maki was n't prepared with care and attention . i probably wo n't order sushi here again because i have another spot in the area much better , but the bibimbap was awesome . the price is right , the food is good as long as you know what to order , and the staff friendly . hosu is a win .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall experience : 7 10 food : 7 10 atmosphere : 7 10 service : 7 10 let 's put it this way . ho su is nothing special , but not horrible by any standard . if you 're looking for basic , run of the mill sushi , service , atmosphere , you can stop by . it 's conveniently located and the staff are very chill so will let you hang out for a bit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came with some friends for lunch . i ordered : # 12 steak bento box lunch special $ 10.50 : miso soup was mediocre . the bento box comes with chap chae ( korean glass noodle ) , rice , korean soybean sprouts , rice , 3 pieces of broccoli , and steak on a bed of bean sprouts . aside from the korean glass noodle ( which tasted average ) , everything was below average . the steak was low quality and probably overcooked . rating : 2 5 . wo n't come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good , middle-of-the road sushi . the place is pretty cramped , but there 's a good selection of japanese and korean food and service is quick and responsive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick lunch option along queen w. it 's rather hard to describe this place because it 's not particularly bad and not particularly good either . it 's a fusion korean japanese spot and i think it 's one of those chinese owed place . first impression is there are plenty of seats on a friday late lunch hour . the food is ok , obviously there are better option in the neighbourhood . service overall is quick and efficient . portion is not really sufficient for me and i will consider this more of a take out spot than dining in . overall 2.5 5", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good , inexpensive sushi location - especially great for casual gatherings . definitely recommend if you are in the queen st. w. area , but do n't expect anything super fancy !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i used to come here all the time with my best friend because another friend had recommended it . its really cheap and you get a lot of little goodies before you main meal if you order the bento box . i always get the teriyaki chicken box . i love tempura and it includes that and a few other things ( cant remember now ) overall i like the food . i mean you get what you pay for . i always sit in the far back because its quieter and hidden from the rest of the place which i like . the one thing though that totally turns me off if the fact that my girlfriend ( who originally raved about this place and told me to go there ) ate there for lunch and saw a cockroach crawling on the wall . she immediately left and has never gone back since . admittedly i have gone a few times since , but i am always looking around the walls lol", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if there was an option for a 0 star , i would put it because it was the worst sushi and sashimi i 've ever tasted in toronto . i 've been to many places around the gta , and this one has to be the worst . the quality of sashimi was terrible and tasted like it was frozen for days . recommend anyone who wants to go here , do not go here . you will thank me later : )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favourite asian takeout . this place is my guilty pleasure . the korean kalbi is delicious . mmmmm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the prices are relatively inexpensive and the staff are always accommodating and polite . it 's a shame that the quality of the rolls and bento boxes have gone downhill .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for lunch , had a bulgogi + rice and a sampling of tempura from my friend 's dish . price wise , this was expensive for the quality of food i got compared to korean grill which was a less than a block east of here . the only reason this place got the other star was the tempura i tasted was n't half bad . however , the rest of the meal was blah . not going here again anytime soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "another update as connie t 's recommendation of getting korean food vs japanese food here seemed to make sense after having a less-than-japanese plate of inari sushi . i went straight for the bibim bop and was not disappointed . you can get it with or without the egg but you have no choice - you must accept a load of delicious vegetables including sprouts , carrots julienne , spinach and others i ca n't even remember right now . gawd . it 's lunch time . menu recommendations dotsot beef bibim bop ( with egg ) beef bibim bop ( without ) humourous story actually , this is more of a sad story . i ca n't remember the last time i went to ho su and caught a glimpse of my previously mentioned counter girl cleavage . i guess it really is winter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is strictly for the takeout lunch specials at ho su and primarily the spicy bulgogi with tempura . the food is nothing spectactular but the quantity and portions are great from my experience . the main issues i have had is for a while they swapped out the glass noodles with coleslaw ( not a fan ) but those were back last time . they have also increased the price quite a bit from the early days which is unfortunate but i understand that as you need to still make money . definitely worth a try for lunch if you work in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had fond memories of coming here with my sister for their lunch specials when we both used to work close to each other . i loved their korean chicken & jap chae . we recently went back and i was looking forward to it again but was disappointed . had the korean chicken lunch bento box and california rolls . my chicken was bland , jap chae was overly peppery and the roll was too warm . i lost my appetite not even half way through so i did n't finish it . not sure what happened hosu ... .you were so good once upon a time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow ! i am so happy that i found a second place that has korean veggie friendly dishes . i had the dolsot vegetable bibim bop . it was really good and i loved how they put the chap jae noodles , tofu and lots of veggies . i also had the chap jae appetizer and the vegetable gyoza . both were really good and not oily at all . the service was quick , friendly and helpful . i look forward to coming back and trying more of their dishes . it was a wonderful experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful ! ! ! we ordered for delivery last night , and fully understand its busy , the women on the phone said it would take 45mins for delivery ( we live 5mins drive from there ) so , no problem ... after 1h25mins , we called , and the women said `` listen , i told you we are busy , you wait ! '' so sweet she was ... then at 1:40mins , we called , she said `` you called me already , i said you wait ! ! ! '' ... after 1:50mins , the food showed up , it wasnt hot , it wasnt warm , it was cold . chicken teriyaki cold is not amazing , but try to have cold tempura ! ! ! ... i didnt even want to bother calling back to get more abuse from this women . i will never order from there , and a single apology would of probably help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to come to hosu for a long time , but have never had the chance ! upon entering i heard one of the waitresses speaking mandarin - i was a bit surprised i always thought the staff would be korean . their menu is extensive , consisting of korean and japanese fare . i had a korean chicken for 8.95 . i was surprised it came with a miso soup , salad , complimentary appetizers , and a huge bento box - consisting of japchae , carrots , bean sprouts , rice , chicken , and cole slaw . other people were having bibimbap , which was the largest portion i had ever seen for 9.95 . the food is quite good , the portions are massive , and the staff are quite competent and friendly . i 'd definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been going to this place for their variety of maki for years . it is a great little spot and the rolls have always been fresh ! i have no complaints with it . i always opt for the brown rice which is a nice touch because it 's healthier . every time i 'm back in toronto now , this place is a must . their korean menu is ok , although you 're better off going to christie for the more authentic things . their kalbi is ok though so i 'm not complaining . service is always good so it has me coming back , seating in the back is less busy and more laid back . prefer the queen st location to anything else .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite sushi restaurant in town . it is very affordable , the food taste great and it usually comes pretty fast . i always have the miso soup . their yams tempura are delicious , and they have so many different maki , sishi , and sashimi . i love their dynamite maki , and their red dragon maki is so good as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good , cheap korean and japanese food . the takeout menu is really cheap and grange park nearby is a great place to have a `` picnic '' ... eat-in prices are still less than most restaurants and the waitstaff is pretty attentive . spring for the white meat chicken for the teriyaki , it 's worth the extra fee . and do n't bother with the dumplings , they 're not very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to hosu many times in the past and it was great ! but they have become so stingy on everything now ( including refilling water and tea ! ) . before , you would get the free korean side dishes , but you do n't get any of that anymore . not only that , but the portion size in my bento was sad ... i literally only got 8 pieces of korean chicken . also , my glass noodles were definitely old as they were chewy and the noodles were sticking together . not fresh at all . the service was mediocre too . the server never came to refill our tea and water and did not ask how the food was . i will never go back there again . if you want better quality asian food , go to the restaurants on dundas st. queen st. restaurants have become so depressing ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "quality , price , and delivery time a1 . if you 're in the downtown core and looking for a late night bite , i highly recommend ho su . the large kam pong gi is allllways a must order . they serve it in a large styrofoam container , which seals the moisture , but does not make the dish soggy . the fried chicken is crispy on the outside , yet soft on the inside and is served with juuust the right amount of sauce . it 's a large serving and definitely good for two , and then some . all takeout delivery meals are also served with salad and miso soup ( which is n't hot , but still warm when it arrives at your door ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always liked coming here , but what really compelled me to write this review is the customer service . i had a cute waitress who was very nice . i asked what the special was and she warned me that the meal is smaller than normal priced meals . i went for regular price salmon teriyaki bento that came with a bunch of side dishes , salad , miso soup , rice , japchae , broccoli , vegetables , and coleslaw . suffice to say , it was well worth the price . like i said before , the customer service was excellent . the waitress even chased me down the street as i forgot my backpack at the restaurant . i was very impressed to see that level of caring and attention to detail here in toronto . thanks for the great food hosu and thank you very much to the cute waitress girl for all your help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zero stars ! the food arrived two hours late and they forgot our rice , the soup was cold and no liquid bc the noodles and kimchi soaked up all the liquid . not that tasty , i 'd rather eat $ 0.05 ramyun .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "guys- what happened to the bento box ? mashed potatoes ? ? go back to the normal one please : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one 's on my take-out roll . if i do n't feel like cooking , then i 'll order a sashimi trio and a couple of healthy rolls ( think no spicy mayo , tempura , or cream cheese ) , all available in natural brown rice . they 're nothing special , but everything i get is freshly made and just what i ordered . it 's not cheap for takeout , either , but i can still get a decent dinner for two at around $ 30 . bonus points : the extra brown rice that comes with the sashimi can be saved and made into part of a later meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an ok place for lunch , but do not bring your date there , the food is at best average . the owners changed twice in the recent years , and the quality went down . their sushi is mediocre , but korean dishes are fine . service is average for toronto ( hit and miss ) , waitresses do not speak english well . portion size is inconsistent from visit to visit , potato tempura is often undercooked .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a great dinner here before seeing a movie . the service was very quick and the food was fantastic . i had some tempura , some sushi rolls and one of their korean chicken dishes . all the food was amazing . the only negative i could say was that the place is n't huge so the tables are closer together then normal , but this is a minor issue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oooh boy avoid at all costs if on some no-carb no-fun-food-allowed diet plan . the smell of butter alone wafting around is probably enough to fulfill your caloric max for the day ! seriously though , this patisserie is such a delight . it 's sophisticated in both atmosphere and offerings and is a terrific indulgence . their baked goods are very very rich and they have a hardcore espresso machine . this is a great place for a casual date that you 'd still like to impress or somewhere to pick up some thoughtful and delicious gifts for a host ( they come in the coolest packaging ) . you 're also guaranteed great service by very knowledgable staff -a win all around ! a delicious looking brunch is also available on sundays but i have yet to partake so i ca n't comment on it . that said , if their baked goods are any indication , it 's probably awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't you just love walking into a bakery and being greeted by mind blowingly good aromas ? do n't you love it even more when those smells translate into delicious baked goods . that basically sums up a visit to patrice patissier . there are so many yummy treats on display that narrowing down your choices is no easy task . ultimately though i went with the kouign amann which had a sweet , crispy exterior and an airy , buttery interior . the bakery is huge and even includes an area for cooking classes ( which are already full for the spring sigh ) . there 's ample seating and it 's definitely worth while staying to enjoy your goodies here . i will definitely be returning here when i 'm in the atwater market area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great place for coffee and sweets of very good quality . the staff is welcoming and on point . excellent in every way . prices are reasonable and the desserts are delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "choix limit\u00e9 de p\u00e2tisserie ( d'o\u00f9 le 3 \u00e9toiles ) . mais c'est d\u00e9licieux , vaut le d\u00e9tour . ca reste un luxe , une p\u00e2tisserie \u00e0 6 $", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've tastes the chou \u00e0 la cr\u00e8me , g\u00e2teau au chocolat saint-henri , kouig amman , pot de cr\u00e8me au chocolat and brownie and everything is sublime . service is professional and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , if i could eat everything they make here in 1 shot i would ! i had the citrus tart with a hot chocolate , husband had the chocolate banana kouign aman with a cappuccino and we both devoured our treats . the hot chocolate was actually made from chocolate and not the powdered sugary stuff so it was rich but not too sweet . loved that you could watch the kitchen staff whipping up some treats . prices were very reasonable for the quality of food you get . also took some goodies home to sample , the blueberry scone , an eclair and the caramel chou de creme and they were all amazing . give them a try , you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ayant entendu parler de cette place depuis longtemps , j'ai finalement succomb\u00e9 . voil\u00e0 maintenant , c'est important de le mentionn\u00e9 , c'est une p\u00e2tisserie et non une boulangerie , donc si vous venez d\u00e9jeuner ici , n'attendez vous pas \u00e0 voir des croissants ou chocolatines , mais plut\u00f4t des scones ou kouign aman , au moins y'a des bons latt\u00e9s . l'endroit est bien am\u00e9nag\u00e9 et on peut voir les p\u00e2tissiers \u00e0 l'oeuvre .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent pastries , cappuccino and decor . perfect for a tete-a-tete . service was courteous and it was lovely to see the kitchen working like a well-oiled machine . definitely worth a return visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredible . of all the bakeries dessert shops i visited ( 20+ ) , this one most impressed me . top notch quality . note , however , they do not have an enormous selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it does n't get better than this for real pastries , limited selection but executed so professionally . those cholocate eclairs when available are out of this world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "professional , tasty , beautiful decor . warm , inviting . good music selection . the desserts we had were fabulous , a true masters work ! flavor combinations were surprising and fresh . plating was beautiful , cutlery was nice . i have a soft spot for duralex glasses . big win ! will be back soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good food at very good prices . my wife had the chicken liver mouse which was rich and flavorful . the roasted cauliflower with pine nuts and raisins had a good combination of textures and flavors . the tart was yummy . service was friendly and prompt .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so i upgraded my stars purely based on ambiance and decor of the venue . it has 4star space , 3 star drinks , and 1.5 star pastries . financier , why so oily ! ? where are the eggs and things that usually make you a choice dessert ? kouign amann , why so dry ? what happened to the flaky , buttery layers you should be ( at least in the truest form ) ? ahh , after my second encounter with `` top '' pastry shops in the city , i believe that pasties are not the strength of montreal . and thats okay . it could be the ingredients , the weather , who knows . all i know is that i will stick with fatty foods and bagels next time around . but the space is incredible and i thoroughly enjoyed my experience ( sans pastries ) by looking inwards at the beautifully designed space~", "score": "3"}
{"review": "les plats sal\u00e9s du soir sont bons , mais les desserts sont d\u00e9finitivement cr\u00e9atifs et tr\u00e8s bons ... ils m\u00e9ritent le d\u00e9placement si vous voulez vous payer la traite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the k . ammans ! ! cookies are great ! and i love the lemon pannacotta ! it is a little bit pricey and the lunch is n't the best it 's more knows for its bake goods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "c'est un vrai d\u00e9lice c'est l'une de mes deux p\u00e2tisserie pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9e \u00e0 montreal o\u00f9 on retrouve de vrais p\u00e2tisseries go\u00fbteuses et raffin\u00e9es un pur plaisir \u00e0 d\u00e9couvrir et recouvrir", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent everything ! awesome coffee , unbelievable pastries ( though i 'm not a big fan of banana flavours in pastries ) , great location ( walking distance from the metro or from atwater market ) , and a great decor atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tldr : delightful sweets and great drinks at a sophisticated patisserie . i ordered the chai latte , which was light and warmed me right up . the same can be said for the cafe au lait . i ordered the almond brioche which was out of this world . at first , we thought it was simply well-toasted brioche with broiled marzipan as we bit into the corners . but once we got into the center there was this amazing almond deliciousness . the servers were very friendly and accommodating . highly recommend if you need a sweet fix . they also give classes which look quite enjoyable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eclair au chocolat et banane is one of my favorites . blueberry scone is also a must-try item if you look for something to take away on the road . should try all the desserts and pastries from the display . everything made from chef patrice is heavenly delicious ! note that at lunch time wed through fri , they serve lunch menus with a couple of specialties of desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le choux chantilly au chocolat infus\u00e9 de caf\u00e9 st-henri nous rassure de sa propension d\u00e9cadente par son fond de banane en compote . euh ... c'est un peu sant\u00e9 . un bobard que je me convaincrai \u00e9ventuellement . feuillet\u00e9 en bouche sans \u00e9mi\u00e9tter au pourtour et avec une touche subtilement sal\u00e9e au creux .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "too bad my friend and i found this place the day before we had to fly back home . and wow , i just loved it ! atmosphere is nice , coffee was good and pastries were amazing ! i had to go back the next day before we flew out . i think i tried half of their pastries . lol . will def go back if i ever get to visit montreal again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love the open kitchen design and lurking past the window to see the busy bees making delicious pastries ! the lime tart was dreamy : tart , sweet , buttery and crunchy at the same time . that was definitely my favourite ! the st henri pastry was well executed but i thought the strong flavours of chocolate and coffee were clashing a bit . the kouign amann was too dry and depressing ( said my other half ) not up to the standard of the kougna man made by the kouigna amann bakery on mont royal avenue . very nice quality herbal tea . modern and cosy atmosphere . i would come back but it would be nice to have a wider choice of patisseries . that 's all you need to know .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely venue . pretty good food . interestingly , i prefer their savoury dishes to their pastries and coffee . the latter are fine but the former are close to excellent for brunch or lunch . i particularly like their mushroom-egg dish ( i hope it 's a permanent menu item ) . prices are reasonable , though not a great deal by any measure , and portions are on the small side ( which i view as a good thing ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "la r\u00e9putation de patrice n'est plus \u00e0 faire . tous les desserts sont bien ex\u00e9cut\u00e9s mais je ne sais trop pourquoi , \u00e7a ne clique pas avec cet endroit . l'ambiance que j'y retrouve n'est pas celle que je recherche quand je vais d\u00e9guster un plaisir sucr\u00e9 . c'est `` froid '' et sombre dans le local alors qu'il semble agr\u00e9able de travailler dans la production ou la salle de d\u00e9mo qui sont plus chaleureuses . c\u00f4t\u00e9 dessert : le cannel\u00e9 \u00e9tait bon , le vert int\u00e9ressant , le for\u00eat noir moins mon type mais bien aussi . c'est endroit je le conseille davantage pour les cours ou pour prendre quelque chose pour apporter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had a few things here but what really stood out for me was `` le vert '' . looked disappointing when it first arrived but that flavour and textures just exploded in your mouth from the very first bite . so much so that i still think about it weeks after . its absolutely delicious . its also open late for a bakery so that is a big plus . the only reason i did n't give it 5 stars is the price vs portion size . i thought the price was fine but the portions could be bigger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "belle d\u00e9couverte . c'est un lieu familiale ou juste pour manger une.patisserie ou un lunch avec un ami . j'ai go\u00fbt\u00e9 \u00e0 deux p\u00e2tisseries et c'est magique ! ! ! le service est rapide et sympathique . je reviendrai certainement !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here for a break and a snack . i love bananas but do n't usually like banana desserts but the banana cream was amazing ! i would have gotten another one if we had n't already ordered the last one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful experience ! paul & roman run an excellent barbershop , my wife and i have even had roman cut our child 's hair . roman was extremely patient with our child . we would recommend visiting this barbershop to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did not stumble onto this place . roman has been cutting my hair for years and i drive far out of my way twice a month for his hair cuts . i 'm a lawyer and he keeps me looking like a pro . the shop is brand new on the inside . for less than $ 20 i get a custom cut using scissors , a straight razor , and clippers , followed by an electronic shoulder massage . i usually walk in and have little wait . roman speaks four languages , has lived in several countries , and can cook professionally , so there always is something to discuss if you wish . if you want to sit quietly and read instead , he leaves you to it . the shop is on the west side of 7th ave , just north of camelback . look for the banner in the parking lot . definitely worth the drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been all around the world and gotten haircuts and i have to say this is one of the best places to go ! roman is quit experienced as a barber . the place is small but very comfortable with great barber shop relics scattered about . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just moved back to south hills , so it has been my mission to find the best pizza places around . i 'm still searching but i think this is definitely one of my top choices . really good stuff , all of it . the dough is cooked perfect , soft inside . good cheese blend , do i detect cheddar ? great wings , nice n crispy , a little small though . like little baby chickens , maybe midget chickens . check it out", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the greek salad is the best salad you can get from a pizza place , maybe any place . this is the forth or fifth one i 've gotten , the lettuce is always fresh , generous amount of feta cheese and olives . pizza and hoagie are great too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their pizza is great but a little on the greasy side . love their hot wings just be sure to ask for sauce on the side . sometimes they come with only a little sauce and other times they 're drowning in it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did n't have the misfortune of moving in here , but i did have the misfortune of scheduling a tour with them for a one-bedroom with an exact move-in date , all of which they were notified with . i went in and upon arrival , was told they do n't have a one-bedroom apartment available , but they do have a two-bedroom available . she then told me that their apartment gets claimed really quickly , and then proceeded to tell me how that one apartment was picked up this morning ( did n't say it was a one-bedroom though ) . i booked my appointment the day before the tour and received the confirmation the day of the appointment . um , you could n't call to let me know you did n't have what i wanted available ? waste of my time . inconsiderate and unprofessional . no thanks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pros : -friendly front office staff -no pet rent . however 25lb max & pet restrictions -quiet ( where i lived ) -near to unlv -seems like lots of unlv students live here -walk in closet cons - $ 603 month for one bedroom -outdated and small kitchen -bathroom was ugly and seems like they painted over all damages -ca n't shower without the water temp changing constantly -homeless people walk in and out constantly ( not my problem but can be for others ) - screen door did n't even work for the patio -do n't do laundry here , machines do n't work or will break and are over so priced . place across the street does 12am-8am specials we are over this place so we are going to break our 12 mo lease to move . i do not recommend signing the 12 mo . lease no matter what special they give . and do not rent furniture from cfr ( they will be recommended ) not worth paying $ 100+ a month !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just a short update to my previous review . i heard a fun-fact this morning at my 7am otf class ... all of the coaches are the original coaches since the facility opened 2 years ago ! that my friends , is amazing . this crop of coaches bring enthusiasm , positive energy and a fun-filled workout no matter what time of day or night ! if you have n't tried otf-east end give it a try soon . they are celebrating their second birthday this weekend ... and i hope they stick around for many more to come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to 3 or 4 otf locations in denver and pittsburgh and have never had the same workout twice in over a year of going . each class works a ton of muscle groups , you 're never bored and you get an absolute amazing workout . usually great music too . the only thing that i would recommend to the pittsburgh trainers is to make sure you 're working with the group to stretch the particular muscle groups you excercised during class . they were diligent about this in denver and it made the world of difference the next day or two after class . overall highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the most challenging workout i had thus far ! orangetheory is everything i needed . the group workout and coaching combination is fantastic . it 's cardio combined with strength training . the monitors on the screen allow you to see your intensity level during your workout . anyone of any fitness level can use this gym . the environment is welcoming and fun . the trainers engage you throughout your workout pushing you to go the extra mile . you certainly will sweat and feel like you had a true workout . the gym is new to the area but i 'm sure it will be harder as time goes on to get the exact workout time you want , however they offer many slots throughout the day week . if you are looking for something new to add to your workout orangetheory may be a great fit for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! everyone is very friendly especially for just moving into town . they are extremely welcoming and take the time to make sure you understand all of the equipment and workouts . the coaches motivate you ! it 's great being in a group fitness class but it is individualized because no one else is focusing on you but yourself and the coach . everyday is different . i 'm never doing the same thing and that makes working out that much better . i used to get bored with the same things over and over again but here you are never doing the same ! it 's a good incentive that they charge $ 10 if you no-show on a class because it makes me push myself to attend the class even if i want to come home after work and lay around . you will not regret this place ! the only reason for 4 5 stars is for the price which i understand is corporate-based and does not reflect this specific location personally .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "workout is always changing this keeps it fresh . instructors are great and i like the balance between cardio and resistance . great atmosphere and range of fitness levels from superhero to beginner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "facility is clean and the staff at the front desk is so helpful . they remember your name and greet you by it as you come in . the trainers are all great though lj is my favorite . he motivates and pushes without making you feel horrible . i 've seen great results with regular attendance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took a class for the first time last week and my instructor lori was super helpful , patient , and encouraging ! i got a great workout , and it went by so quickly because of how fun it was . i was sold after this first class and signed up right away . i look forward to more great workouts with the otf team and other members !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the front desk staff are incredibly rude and do not know how to multi-task . trying to pick up a package is a huge task for them so i 'm confused why they hold on to the packages instead of bringing them to your door . customer service sucks ! i 'm not the only resident who has complained about the staff", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unless you like spiders , roaches , mice , and rats running around your apartment , avoid this dump at all costs . the front desk people are morons and will ignore you whilst you sit there for 30 minutes waiting to pick up a package . the manager is rude , unhelpful , and will talk down to you at any cost , throwing in the `` honey '' and `` sweetie '' remarks . the place is filthy , everything breaks , and they want to charge you to fix carpet that your cat tore apart trying to get to the mice that live inside the walls ( which you can hear scratching inside the walls at 1am ) . on top of that , all you can hear is the horns and tractor trailers on 77 . they literally woke me up every single night . this place is a dump that thinks they can charge $ 1,200 for a freakin 1 bedroom . please , spend your money elsewhere", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to like this place but for the past 4 months i 've gone in 3 different times for an eyebrow wax and was told to come back that they 're too busy . different times of days on different days . absolutely ridiculous and i 'll take my money down to the place by safeway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new owners and great service ! i 've been going to nail salons all over the west valley and kelly is wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this location for a few years now . it 's recently been placed under new ownership and it could n't have come at a better time . the lady that now does my nails is so much better than anyone that was here previously . all the staff is brand new and they are definitely an upgrade !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean , brightly lit and busy for being in a low-visibility location . mindy was really friendly , quick and neat . got a single-color mani pedi plus sugar for around $ 30 incl tip . oh , and the massage chairs actually work really well . kudos on something which seems to challenge a lot of other nail places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "under going the transition over to new name and new owners ... i was never here under previous owner but this salon ( being upgraded and updated daily ) now called yes ! nails and salon is my happy place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have visited donna 's nails many times over the past few years and it did n't occur to me to yelp them but here i am now . : ) the place is clean as a whistle which for me is imperative in a nail salon . not that i 'm terribly girly-girl but i do appreciate a good pedicure and like my piggies to look nice . : ) the prices are reasonable ( $ 18 for a basic pedicure , add $ 5 for french tip and it goes up from there ) and the staff is super nice . although there are some staffers who are struggling with english , for the most part , they are pretty capable of carrying on a decent conversation . i am not a fan of massage chairs so i do n't really indulge in it but the ladies do a nice job massaging the legs and the hot rocks are a nice touch as well . all in all , a nice neighborhood establishment that i hope sticks around . it does get busy in the afternoons so plan your visits accordingly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here to get my eyebrows waxed , it was recommend by a coworker . before i had my eyebrows waxed i told the lady to keep my eyebrows thick , i just wanted them cleaned . after she was done she gave me a mirror so i could look at myself , more than half of my eyebrows had been waxed ! she made them extremely thin . wo n't be coming here again , especially not for my eyebrows . i had been letting my eyebrows grow out for a few months", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been with dr apio for 10 years and it 's been great . her care is better than anyone in the valley ... if you are willing , if not you 'll wine about anyone ! a busy doc is a good one in my opinion ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best ob doctor . i 've had her for 6years now . she knew how to make me at ease and really comfortable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. apigo was highly recommended to me by some co-workers who have been with her for years . needing a new ob gyn since the one who delivered my kids had retired , i made an appointment . i am so happy i listened to my friends ! ! she is a wonderful human being who has always taken the time to talk about any questions i had . although i am no longer needed the ob part , i feel so confident that my daughter will love and appreciate dr. apigo as she goes through adulthood . i feel so fortunate to have such a knowledgable and caring dr. to go to if need be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place . the service is very friendly and the food is awesome . one of my colleagues recommended this restaurant to me and i took my fiance for dinner here . we ordered ezme and lentil soup as starter items . they were delicious , especially the ezme . it tasted fresh and unlike anything i 've ever had . for the meal i got beef and lamb kabob shish kabob combo plate . the meats perfectly cooked and marinated . the red sauce they served with the entree complimented the meats . the entree also came with side salad , which was ok. all the meats are halal friendly . the meal was delicious and relatively cheap . i highly recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is empty on a saturday afternoon , but despite that , service was friendly and the food was just as described . we ordered an assortment of things from the menu including the lebni which is sort of like a yogurt cream cheese type flavor with olive oil and spices . i was so happy to see they offered it since it 's one of my favorite things to have with pita ( or anything else really ) but it is n't something you can get everywhere . it was a hit , as was the juicy chicken kebab and the shwarma wrap that was on special . entree sizes are great for the price ( under or around $ 10 ) . even the greek salad was big enough to have leftovers . the employees seemed persian so that added to the authenticity of the food for sure . they also offered us tea at the end of the meal which was a nice treat . maza would be a great place to have a large group dinner where you reserve the entire dining room .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered the appetizer sampler , lamp chops , mediterranean salad and a gyro . all of the items were fresh , perfect prepared and delicious ! ! ! also love the attentive service from the staff . i normally hate mediterranean food but i have to say this place changed my mind ! ! ! it 's probably the best mediterranean restaurant i 've been to in this city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is on the better end of average but the service is ungodly slow . i called in an order , they said it would be ready at 1220 it 's is now almost 1 . i 'm about to have to just leave bc my lunch hour will be up before i get my food . update : still waiting 1:10", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best bang for your buck lunch . went here for lunch with my husband , we ordered the chicken shwarma and chicken kabob . the lunch special is $ 9.99 and comes with a starter and a dessert . as a starter we both ordered the salad - the veggies were delicious and crispy , the only thing we could say was we wish the dressing had more flavor .. it seemed to be just oil and was missing the vinegar and tartness that is common in mediterranean salads . our chicken plates were delicious ! we also upgraded to fries and they were very tasty ! for dessert we ordered the rice pudding & baklava - both came with a delicious turkish tea to finish it all ... very delicious deal . note : lunch specials end at 3pm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't like the bait and switch game . my office ordered lunch from maza previously . we were accessed a nominal delivery fee as expected . however on our most recent order we were given our total . when the delivery driver arrives we are given a different total . the higher total is due to an additional delivery charge because the driver said `` we are far '' you were given the address on the phone . at that point if you feel we are too far ( although it 's never been in previous orders ) then say that on the phone . you do n't just take on additional funds without ever disclosing it . if we are n't in your normal delivery area then why did you bring your menus to our office complex to begin with . disclose this on your menu so consumers are aware . verbally say it in the phone when taking our orders ... our company will just take our daily business elsewhere..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow . .. chicken ca n't be more moist . lamb and rice is soooo good . great staff and very fresh meats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "right near where i live at the corner of sahara and rainbow , this mediterranean restaurant is the best there is in las vegas ! ! come here and try exotic dishes on the menu . you ca n't lose because it 's all good . i can walk here and make it a point to eat here once a month - weekly if i ate that often ! the bottom line is that this place has it all : food , atmosphere , drinks and a friendly staff . what are you waiting for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , lamb chops were extraordinary . must have family style kabob platter if you visit . service was great , very homely and welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with a friend for a late , leisurely lunch and we were not disappointed . had the sampler appetizer of baba ganoush , hummus , tzatziki and serma . wonderful and fresh . for entree , i enjoyed the lamb kabob and my fiend had the combo platter of chicken , beef and lamb kabob . the meat was extremely tender and cooked to order . this was accompanied by a delicious shredded salad . took leftovers home so we could top our meal off with a turkish coffee and baklava . the service was great and the meal was memorable . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have ordered delivery from maza numerous times and pickup a couple of times . the food is consistently good , and the portions are huge . the hummus serving is very generous and i always ask for extra pita to stretch it out . today when i ordered they had a new type of pita that was fluffier than normal pita and very tasty . their kabobs are very good , i often order sarma , which is well spiced and the entrees come with a nice sized salad . the only inconsistent thing i 've had was the rice pudding . a couple of times it was mediocre , however today it was deliciously sweet . i 'll keep ordering from this restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stinking bathroom . never been to such restroom . very pathetic maintenance they took nearly 45min to get the food which is simple chicken adna kabob . i thought they are cooking fresh and as yelp reviews are great i thought it would be great . but the food was awful . chicken was like sponge . even the waiters are lazy . hardly respond . very disappointed ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food here is delicious ! there is a decent variety of mediterranean food - we got a gyro and a mixed kebob and it was turkish style , which is exactly what we wanted ! the prices are great especially for how much food you get . i will definitely go here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was not what i was expecting . did not have skordalia , saganaki ... what greek restaurant does n't have these dishes ! ! salad included with dinner had no substance and dressing tasted out of a bottle even though they said it was homemade . not even a greek salad !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "`` racks on racks '' that rack of lamb tho , is a must ... seasoned with precision . hummus is a go-to for any meddi spot . salmon kabob was crisp and succulent , good when u and beef need some time to `` meet other proteins . '' rice for the entrees was on point , like stockton to malone . overall pretty good , flava u can savor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here because we have never been to a turkish restaurant in vegas . we walked in and immediately were greeted by the friendliest server in all of vegas ! aleks ! we knew immediately it was going to be a good meal , and we were right - the food is very very tasty and with large portions . the highlight of the meal was the homemade baklava - so delicious ! they give you free turkish tea afterwards and we will definitely be back soon for more food and fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful ! first authentic tasting turkish adana kebob . i 've been to many in vegas and most do n't live up to real tasting at normal prices . alex was so nice to us ! she was very sweet and gave us complimentary baklava to go ! ! i will go again . turkish tea was awesome too ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mouth watering food . yummmmm . will definitely visit again . got there and was seated immediately . waitress answered any questions we had about the menu and made some suggestions . i ordered salmon and shrimp . with salad . wow wow , the food was so well seasoned . my 2yr old is not a big seafood eater , but he ate 3 shrimps and 3 4 salmon . i was in awe . i guess it must have been that good . wil definitely recommend this place . good food . good atmosphere and very reasonable prices . plus the waitress was very personable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made a delivery order , big mistake . food was pretty horrible and not correct . all order changes were ignored and rice was for some reason changed to french fries that were inedible and soggy . pitas were still in the bag from the store . stay away", "score": "1"}
{"review": "some of the best chicken & jasmine rice i 've ever had ! both of us loved our meals and all of the staff was very friendly . there was a large graduation party dining at the same time as us- over 20 people plus children- and they seemed short staffed but we 're on top of everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food - kebabs were tasty and the food is fresh . dont miss out on the turkish coffee as well . would visit again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the seafood kabob . it was very tasty salmon and shrimp . i also particularly liked the rice which had some little pasta throughout it . good quality food - i recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to maza again on my birthday in august . we had a pleasant experience as always . food was amazing . lili was our server . she was attentive , polite , served with a smile kinda girl . kunefe was delicious . thank you for our birthday dessert . loving it . delicious ! ! ! we will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time here . my family loves going to mediterranean restaurants . this is certainly one of the best ! their food was extremely tasty ! i have never eaten baba ganoush or hummus this fresh and delicious . i was very , very impressed . their portion sizes are great and they offer free turkish tea ( amazing ) after your meal . our waiter was a tall gentleman who was extremely respectful and kind . we have never had a waiter so considerate and kind . he was always checking on us to see if there was anything he could get or help us with while choosing our food . he helped make for a fabulous experience and we will certainly be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the food , loved the hospitality and service . their variety of turkish food is admirable and great tasting . prices are very reasonable and loved the fact that they played turkish music in the background . it was as if we were in turkey ! keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wandered aimlessly into the booth during the chinese new year festival , ordered the beef shawarma ... . what a disappointment . flavourless , no traditional spices used ( or any for that matter ) , somebody is way off their game or trying to convince a fresh audience what mediterranean food suppose to taste like . quite a shame to say the least .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went in to do some maintenance work and end up buying a meal 1st time trying this type of food and loved it..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "husband got extremely ill later in the evening from their chicken kabob . i was n't feeling too good myself after dining here . disappointing . wo n't be back again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very authentic turkish style food . leyla our server was very nice . it was our first time eating in their dining room though we have ordered takeout from here several times . i ordered the beef kabob and my spouse ordered the beef adana kabob . the beef adana was fantastic and very flavorful . when we come back and we will soon we want to try the kuru fasulye which are white beans cooked with chopped lamb meat in tomatoe sauce . service was fast food is great . i have no problem suggesting this place to even my most picky friends . you must try the baklava for dessert .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good homey turkish meal . i had karniyarik ( eggplant with ground meat ) and my lady had manti ( homemade dumpling like ravioli with meat ) . both very well balanced , very moderate portions in a good way while still plenty to eat . for starters we had falafel and sarma ( stuffed grape leaves ) . falafel was a touch well done on the outside but very soft on the inside , and not overly salty as it can be . baklava and turkish tea was a great conclusion to this very inexpensive yet delicious meal . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down best casual mediterranean place i have been too . tried awhile back when i had a groupon and been hooked ever since . the chicken kebab is soo tasteful and moist . it 's crazy how perfectly cooked it is . seafood kebab is also very good . i always know when i come to this place the quality will be on point and the value is tremendous . $ 10.95 for a huge plate of chicken kebab , huge pieces of chicken ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's so hard to find good places in this area that are open late so props to them on that ! the food is so flavorful , and the tiziki is one of the best around ! i really like that the menu is short , and very authentic , but with a little something for every pallet . i was only disappointed in the time it took to get our check , as well as the confusion with seating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's one of the best restaurants here in the valley . a must try for all mediterranean food lovers good service as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to maza last night with my turkish boyfriend . the food made him feel at home . he left full and so happy . said it was the most genuine turkish food he has had since he has been here . the kuru fasulye and baba ganoush were just 2 of his favorites , my favorite is of course the baklava . we will be back for sure . yummy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely average turkish mediterranean food . even for the us ! ! ! do n't expect anything special or delicious . the russian waitress was nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the plates were huge and the food was beyond delicious . fast service and the waitress alex was very helpful and nice . i am definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried babaganoush and ezme as appetizers . then we had `` doner '' that was the kind you can see everywhere in turkey . we topped it off with baklava . overall it is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on entering we found this very large restaurant was largely empty early on a friday evening . we started off with the sultan 's delight appetizer - a generous portion of braised lamb over silky roasted eggplant ( babannush ? ) that we almost finished . for entrees we shared orders of lamb and chicken skewers which came with jasmine rice , a grilled pepper and tomato , pita-type bread and side salads . the chicken was moist and the lamb tasty though more overdone than we generally prefer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "place was really good . i went for lunch there and it was just the best ! enjoyed the food my favorite appetizer was the flat bread and hummus ! ! ! the food was delicious . you guys must try ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing mediteranenan like what we found in istanbul turkey . do n't order another gyro , try try the real stuff like ground beef stuffed eggplant with rice pilaf and taziki . amazing ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is amazing ! ! you ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu . service is excellent ! ! ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is authentic made out of quality ingredients . nice , clean and peaceful atmosphere inside . thanks kamil and alex for great food and hospitality . very much appreciated . if you are in las vegas for a business trip , this is the place for mediterranean food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i super like this place . i bought a deal on groupon . it was so worth it with the amount of food plus free baklava that we got , also the turkish coffee was awesome . and the girl that helped us was not only strikingly beautiful but very very nice , helpful and informative .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite mediterranean place in las vegas . the lamb kabobs and chai are exquisite . the staff is friendly . they do not mind you lingering over a final cup of chai or your baklava .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here from out of town . we were on the strip and wanted somewhere new to eat . we checked yelp and we were impressed by the high rating . we all ordered different kabobs and were very disappointed . the meat was dry and portions are very small !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "t\u00fcrkiye'den bu kadar uzakta hem helal yemek lezzeti hem de t\u00fcm ortado\u011fu lezzetlerini bulup sonras\u0131nda t\u00fcrk kahvesi ve k\u00fcnefe ile ta\u00e7landirabileceginiz damak zevki i\u00e7in maza ..te\u015fekk\u00fcrler..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lunch special was pretty worth it for $ 9.95 comes with drinks and dessert plus the main entree . the only problem it 's a small portion for the beef it 's pretty much equivalent to one strip . overall customer service is friendly and the restaurant is very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ordered a gyro and falafel 's to be delivered from ubereat 's . the most amazing gyro meat thinly shaved loaded with flavor and the taziki sauce you can tell is made in house fresh ! ! falafels were flavor packed with a side of creamy humus . this place is definitely on the top of my list !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing today , will definitely be back whenever we are back in vegas . keep up the great work ! super tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the food through grub hub . although it took a while to arrive because i live far from the restaurant , i absolutely loved the food . it 's to die for ! they forgot my drink so i called back and told them if they were still close , they could bring it , if not it was n't a problem . since they have forgotten my drink , they went to a store near by , got me a drink and came back . they are not afraid to make the extra step that will make the experience just wonderful ! i 'm eating the left overs now and i 'm sad there 's no more incredible food and very friendly staff ! thank you . will come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful service very delicious and healthy . . very much recommend . . food is amazin . ca n't wait for the entertainment bon saturday", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mediterranean food i ever tasted.. i used eat24 app , this restaurant may have a high minimum when you order online but it 's worth it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loooooooved this place ! found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try ! i 'm iranian and very critical of any kind of kabobs but i have to say this place is amazing ! the meat was very tender and delicious and comes with a good size salad ! turkish coffee was really good also loved that they had complementary turkish coffee to try after the meal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place . food was excellent , we ordered the kabob combo , kofta , cicik , konafa and tea . overall everything g was delicious well cooked and presented . my wife was happy .. i could n't be happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best chicken kabobs , rice and salad . the food is always fresh , hot and the servers are friendly and willing to please . they have a great groupon offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place . turkish food is good by itself and this place adds more value on it . definitely try this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cooking turkish kabab and iskender is really hard job . maza mediterrian restaurant is doing this job very well : ) i really like that . i ate iskender . slice of meats are really delicious and of course with yoghurt and grilled tomatoes and pepper . moreover the staff is really nice and kind : ) they are very cheerful and helpful people . i will come again my second las vegas visiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered take-out for dinner last night . i got the kofte entree and some hummus . i tasted the hummus first . was pretty good . not the best , but definitely better than most . had to set it aside because i knew it would fill me up too fast , and i had a whole container of kofte to tackle . it was awesome . killed it off-all of it . well most of it . the hot pepper on the side really kicked my ass , but everything else was good . the salad may have been a little peppery . no big deal . need to end this review . i have some left-over hummus to eat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've ordered combo kabob and kuru fasulye . the food did n't taste anything like turkish food . kabob pieces were burned . i had to manually remove dark-burned areas . kuru fasulye did n't have any flavor . overall , i did n't enjoy the food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "delicious , i 've never liked lamb but i must say the lamb here was really good . we ordered the sampler plate with lamb , chicken and beef . ended with baklava and turkish tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have good food , however i was pretty upset that recently i received an email from them addressing to my business email . that means they randomly go out and gather information from people 's business card at other places and using it as an advertisement method and send out spam mail . maza just lost several customers that way , they better stop doing this , i will never support them for as long as they do n't take me off of their mailing list that i never subscribe to begin with . and no i have never drop off my business card at their restaurant", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only tried the appetizers this time ( just because we were too full to have a meet entree as well ) humus , labani , tabula and more were amazing ! ! all super delicious and most important fresh ! ! will def come back soon ! ! my new local fav for lunch and dinner", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food at reasonable price . would like some more consistency though , food never bad just not always great . that would make it 5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not very impressed . first , it took a while to be seated . then it took a while to get my order placed . mind you , the place was n't very busy . they did n't refill my water or check on me at all . it took a while to be able to alert the server that i would like my check . in fact , the only thing they were fast about was picking up the bill once i signed , which is bad form . as for the food , well , good food can at least partially redeem lackluster service . this was not particularly good food . at $ 14 for the doner plate , considering the average quality of the product , it is about $ 4 overpriced . i have had considerably better versions of the same dish . the cabbage side was ok , but the salad looked unappealing with non-fresh lettuce etc . so , definitely thumbs down . way down . almost one star down . very disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing food ! super large portions ! try the mixed grill and the mass appetizer platter", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food with a great service and good prices . highly recommended ! sultans delight one of my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good food and reasonable price . i come here once a week from work . staff are nice too . i recommend their turkish apple tea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's the only turkish restaurant in town . enjoy their food often . friendly staff and clean restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not real good . ordered a gyro with fries and tabouli . gyro meat tasted old and tabouli was n't much better . wo n't be back with so many great choices , one is right down the street on sahara .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a great find in vegas ! we came here for the first time and had such a pleasant experience . the food was super fresh and healthy , great spices and i loved the turkish tea ! the lamb chops were so tender and tasty . the atmosphere is trendy , clean , and they have live music on the weekends . my new favorite spot in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice and authentic turkish food . one of the best i had outside of turkey ! i went with the family for lunch and tried ikra , iskender kebab and beyti kebab . they all tasted excellent . the service was very prompt and professional . their ayran and bread were nice and authentic as well . i would go back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was good they have halal meet and we love it .perfect salad and soup very nice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food . true mediterranean food and you wo n't be disappointed . the meat is so tender and their selections is big . do n't worry if you have to wait a little because it 's worth it . and it 's better to wait since it means they are busy and people love their food . great job on this great restaurant and thank you for the experiences each time i went .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abysmal . apartments are of very poor quality , but that 's the least of your worries . the staff here is shockingly unaccomodating and unwilling to help residents in any way . many all of the apartments have mice , yet those in the office do n't care and say there is nothing they can do . absolutely avoid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not live here ! the apartments are alright but walls are thin . the management is absolutely horrendous ! ! ! it makes the entire experience just terrible ! ! there are plenty of other places that one can live in savoy , do not live here ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the village is one of the worst places to live near the uiuc campus . their staff is very unprofessional and they have no empathy toward any of their tenants . they provide late notice about everything while expecting you to pay on time . i have never seen such horrible customer services and treatment toward tenants . do not live here . do n't get sucked in by the low promotional fees . they do n't last and at the end of the day the head ache is n't worth it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rob is a scam artist . adont take in house financing ita a rip off . had me paying 1200 a week for a 2009 malibu", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . first time went there to repair my car . and they messed up the price that give us . owner was miscommunication with his employees . i double check twice for price before i left . he told me , it will take 2 hrs . and it was n't ready either and asking for that more money ? and told me he has to pay to employee for two hours to do anything . and he was mad . didnt say sorry or nothing . dont go this place and make sure that he understand what you r saying .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "made an appt to get my windows tinted and when i showed up the representative told me he could n't get a hold of the tint specialist . i waited for a little while and then was told that he could n't get a hold of him and was n't sure what else to do . i decided to take my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst place every for an alignment . i was robbed $ 75 for a front wheel alignment and my car is still not driving straight and the steering wheel is still crooked", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome customer service . i dealt with robert , the owner , and lalo , the technician . both were great . i will be taking all of my auto repair needs to them from now on . i might even be buying my next vehicle from robert as well . i had a tire issue and they worked fast to get me on my way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do not recommend this auto shop to anyone . the owner was rude and i took my car in 3 times within 1 month of having my car for the same thing ( water and oil pump ) and everytime i would leave , a few days later my car would overheat because the water pump was still leaking . and today i just found out the hose to my water pump wasnt even connected . and they wouldnt even give us a reciept or any paperwork stating what they have had done to my car . poor car service as well as customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "where do i begin ? i was stranded with my first flat tire . stumbled upon this place less than a mile from where it happened . i came in to be greeted by the nicest , most helpful people . in a panic , but they answered every question i had . my car also did not come with the wheel key to unlock the tire . after hours of hard manual labor , these gentleman were able to get that lock off . robert , trey , jimmy , and oscar all had worked on this one tire for hours ! ! ! i could n't believe how amazing these people were . after all this , my tire is restored , and everything is wonderful . not only will i be coming back for any car related problem i have , but i will refer every person i know to this shop ! the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove from la to buy my car from here and drove back to la . i noticed they have a service shop so i brought my other cars in and they gave me fast , reliable , and affordable service . 5 stars ! i will do business here again ! thank you r t !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an excelent european repair center..his owner robert is knowledgeable and his prices were reasonable . i brought my 2006 c350 mercedes with a gas lick and several other problem which prevented it from being smoged ... ..when everybody wanted thousands of dollar just for removing the tank..he said the problem is not in the tank..it is the gas pump ... besides , changing the alternator fixed the other problems which kept it from getting smuged..i am very thankful for bringing my car to him whose service i rated at the best..in a city which is difficult to find a car repair place you can trust , i recomend r-t motors and his owner robert very highly ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the other day i got a flat tire . i got the spare on , and drove straight here thinking it was discount tire ( which it used to be ) . i was greeted by robert who quickly assessed the situation and offered me a choice between a new tire for $ 135 and a used tire for $ 55 . i was so happy to have this option because i really was n't up for dropping $ 135 at the time . it was put on right away while i waited and i was on my way ! robert also told me that he 'd love to buy my car if and when i 'm ready to sell , because they also buy and sell cars there . i definitely plan to come in for an estimate when that time comes . thanks for the great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live across the street from here had some car issues took it to robert the owner and he fixed everything for me at 1 2 the price the dealership wanted . left completely happy my car is like new . he shows you exactly what is wrong the old parts and shows you the new parts and does what he says . great service and awesome work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! we know our families worry while we are deployed . the fact is we worriy just as much about our loved ones back home . nothing touches our hearts more than to know there are good people watching out for those we leave behind when we answer the nation 's call . i salute you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people like you , make people like me , want to do better . and give more . so thank you for reminding me to give back to my community . bravo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently had our first furnace malfunction and decided to call betlyn 's based on positive reviews . he responded on a saturday within hours , and was able to quickly find the issue of a broken motor . unfortunately for us , we were told this motor was an expensive part and would cost around $ 600 . the repair job took 5 minutes , but he made sure to find time to place an advertising sticker on our hot water heater that he was not servicing . he also mentioned several times that he was highlighted on the news for his free service to one military family . after researching online , we found out that the price of the motor ranged between $ 200- $ 300 . we should have seeked a second opinion before paying the high price betlyn 's charged .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you for taking care of those who serve our country ! ! that was so sweet what you did for the stevens family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just read the article about what the owner did for a military family . wish this company was closer would most definitely give him my business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a really kind and generous owner . thank you for providing service that far exceeds the expected . thank you paul !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i read what you did for a family whose husband was away serving our country . ..i would definitely use you ..i 'm in west jordan utah", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in case anyone has n't heard yet , here 's why you should call betlyn 's for all your needs : http : www.littlethings.com fix-furnace-mom-free thank you for all you do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "your gesture to that lady and her baby ... . now that 's classy ! anyone and everyone in your area should use you for their heating and cooling needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best service ever ! ! super nice owner & staff , know their stuff , if an asteroid crashes on to earth tomorrow , these guys would be on my escape shuttle , they are that handy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "warning ! ! ! ! ! butcher shop . they ca n't even inject properly . they gave me a hematoma from a simple procedure . avoid these butchers . chop shop alert . you have been warned . new dentists practicing without supervision . zero stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unprofessional ... .disorganized , hot ass mess..that is all", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr . rob is amazing and patient . he took his time and made sure he did the the job correct .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in at 9 am with no appointment because my tooth was in excruciating pain . they got me signed in right away . after weighing my options i decided to get the tooth extracted . the extraction was quick and painless and all the staff treated me with genuine concern and respect . definitely going to be my primary dental office going forward .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to absolute dental in meadows mall my kids and my niece and nephew all had dental work done by dr. reese . soon after my son had work done he developed an abscess tooth and so did my niece . took my son to see a new dentist and i was told that all the work he 'd had done at absolute was done horribly . they disturbed a nerve which is causing his teeth to change colors . his fillings were not filled in all the way there fore he 's developing a second abscess . since he 's so young they have to put spacers in his mouth where the bad teeth are being removed . this is such crap ! it makes me wonder if he really needed all the work they did or did they just want to make money . i 'm so pissed off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me preface this by saying that i have n't had to go to a dentist in upwards of a decade ; i was fortunate enough to not need to until my most recent ( and most severe ) wisdom tooth infection . the staff are all so kind and personable , and they really help the patient to have an easy and comfortable experience . i have a bit of anxiety with dentists and doctors , but dr . rob was extremely informative and reassuring . it was one of my most positive experiences to date , and i will be going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the moment you walk in you feel like you made the right choice . hey , it 's a dental office ... you should see smiles ... and you do ! ! ! the techs actually have personalities and are engaging . dr . rob is just plain awesome ! he knows his stuff and talks to you in plain english so you know what 's what . all around good experience , and it 's worth the trip from wherever you live in the valley to make absolute your tooth spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are quick and available to work with you on same day appointments ... the work performed is great there were no issues", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was so nervous going in yesterday.. it had been a little over 2 years since i 've had a cleaning and let 's face it , the dentist office is no day at disneyland . but you 've got ta go.. and i was more than impressed relieved . the location is a bit `` ghetto '' if i dare say , but the inside and whole staff were awesome ! sarita did my cleaning and wow ! she was super nice and did a great job ! i ca n't wait to go back , my teeth look and feel great ! thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. reese delivered expert care to me and my son this week . i came in with a chipped tooth . she counseled me on a couple of options and explained the pros and cons of both . when she had finished repairing my tooth , it was flawless . she treated my son so well while we were there and made him actually want to come back to the dentist ! ! great experience from a dedicated professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best dental experience that i 've ever had ! i had a broken tooth that was very painful and so i was seen on a walk-in basis . the wait was minimal and the staff was super nice . erika at the front desk was so professional . the dental assistant , was hilarious and kept the mood light . dr . rob has a great sense of humor and really took the time to make sure i was well informed and comfortable . my family and i will be back for routine dental care in the future . i would definitely recommend this absolutely dental location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my kids to get their teeth cleaned and an annual check up . they had a great experience , so i came back the next day and had my exam as well . they were friendly and knew what they were doing . i 'm happy to know they have so many locations around town . definitely recommend kids and adults .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dont know what has happened to mashu mashu , but i used to love it back in high school . i came here last night and i feel that it has totally gone downhill . after being seated , the waitress came right away and we gave both our drink orders and meal orders . somehow , she totally forgot about my drink or the fact that we ordered a hummus . we only got it at the end of our meal . the mashu mashu salad however is one of my favorites . too bad it gave me a horrible stomach ache after . i hope they do n't leave the goat cheese lying around ! ! the schnitzel was good and once i finally got my lemonade virgin mojito , i was happy i ordered it in the first place . step up your game mashu !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "always one if our favorite a middle eastern spots in toronto . love the new avocado spinach salad and topped it with delicious grilled chicken . say hi to matilda and enri , they are terrific hosts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best . hummus . ever . been here twice and we 've liked everything so far . kid-friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been really disappointed by mashu mashu the few times we 've gone . nothing horrendous happened , but the food is mediocre , expensive , and the service has wavered between ok and dreadful . the only thing i 'd recommend is their baba ganoush and hummus , as takeout . go next door to the kitchen table to get pitas , though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty decent middle eastern cuisine . not a bad choice for the selection of reliable eats in the area , but i still would n't consider this my go-to restaurant in forest hill . on the pricey side for simple foods . i would be back if i wanted reliable , home cooked food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very tasty and the service was superb . eating at mashu mashu is a personal favorite . sooooo good ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clips , on rt.91 ln stow , oh , is not to be confused with the chain of great clips , or any other national chain . clips , is a salon in which the entire family can go to . honestly , myself , my 2 girls ( 7 & 4 ) , my 2 cousins , as well as my aunt goes here religiously . samantha , had been doing my hair for at least 10 yrs . highlights , lowlights , whatever my heart desires ! ( but she will stop me at bangs ! ) i do n't think i have ever left her chair not completely happy . ( i did follow her from another local salon ) i ca n't also honestly say , she is the only one who can cut my girls ' hair . she is extremely patient while them . she had cut them both since the beginning . everyone at the salon is great . they know your name when you walk in . 2 thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally found a stylist in amy who can help me deal with my hard to control , naturally curly hair ! i went to clips based on the yelp reviews with crazy layers throughout my shoulder length hair . i explained to amy that i did n't like the fact that i had 2 haircuts going on with my current cut . when i left the salon , i realized i did n't just get another haircut , but actually have a hair style now , the salon itself is in a former home and the atmosphere is very laid back . the price was reasonable for the service that i received . if you 're in the market for a new stylist , i highly recommend you give them a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an unexpected day off so i looked for a place to get a trim that would take walk-ins . i did n't have to wait at all ; andrea was able see me right away . she was so friendly and asked great questions about what i wanted to do with my hair . i asked for my layers to be freshened up , told her how i liked my layers and she really did a great job . i will be returning for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited home for the holidays and had amy color correct my hair that was just so , so messed up from a new hairdresser i 'd been seeing in seattle who just could n't get it right . i had about 4-5 different shades of blonde going on - do n't get me started . i only had time for one visit so she had to get it right ! she did not disappoint . she was able to color correct my hair by mixing her own color to match my natural hair color , and cover up the 5 shades of blonde from multiple bad dye-jobs . i 'm still looking for a new hairdresser in seattle , and this past week i went to a consultation at a new salon unknowingly scheduling with the owner , who literally said he would n't change anything because whoever did my hair last did such a great job , and told me to come back in 4-6 weeks when i needed a touch-up . wow !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did not use the facility . i was drawn across the parking lot because the sign said `` most unique laundromat ever '' - and it is ! a decidedly western theme throughout the machines were clearly well kept and there were many of them . the place is friendly , inviting , well lit and even has an elevated living room right in the middle . you can see your machines from this vantage , enjoy some tv or read your book . the dry cleaner is open and attached on the other end . this is definitely the way to go to the laundromat !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "facilities were ok. lots of machines . the large dryers seemed to dry faster than the smaller ones .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having just bought a house , i am without a washer and a drier for a few weeks , so i found this local laundry . not only cam you do your own , but they will actually do your laundry for you . i tend to do my own , but nice to know . this place is awesome , even has a lounge area with a tv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place delivers ! flew in for a funeral . needed items pressed , cleaned , etc . dropped off at 8 pm , they had all off it ready by 11 am next day ( 3 pairs of pants , 1 skirt , 2 blazers , 3 men 's dress shirts ) . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we live in mt lebanon and there is no shortage of old , dirty , run down , overpriced laundromats . we did six loads in just one machine for 6.75 . dryers are $ .25 for five minutes and they dried it all in just under 40 minutes . great customer service , and the change machine is a real person who can give you rolls of quarters . i 'll be coming here from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike runs a nice place . machines always seem to be working . ladies who work there are always friendly and there never seem to be any problems . they always have quarters , unlike some self serve places . you will enjoy doing your washing there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they declined business to me for a renewal of a monthly pass because they do not accept paypal debit business mastercards any more . very poor experience cause they had no problem 2 months ago when i first got service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "free do it yourself vacuums , they work great . made my car cleaner then most places . we choose the $ 9 option for car wash it was amazing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "belle d\u00e9couverte , bon service courtois et attentionn\u00e9 , nous avons m\u00eame droit \u00e0 l'histoire d'o\u00f9 est venu l'id\u00e9e de ce resto . on remarque l'effort de vouloir bien diversifier le choix de plats au menu , de style tapas , qui sont cat\u00e9goris\u00e9s par continent et \u00e7a m'a fait sourire . les pr\u00e9sentations sont r\u00e9ussites , la qualit\u00e9 de la bouffe est bonne pour ce genre d'endroit qui se voudrait d'ambiance d\u00e9contract\u00e9 ( les ribs ont valu un recall , et c'\u00e9tait clairement par gourmandise ) . bien s\u00fbr , les bi\u00e8res boris sont dans l'robinet . bref , bon service , bonne ambiance , bonne bouffe , bon prix . \u00e0 d\u00e9couvrir pour partager en gang ! : - )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cute little bottles of boris , appies for every taste and a super friendly bartender made my first experience here a positive one . the vegetarian quesadilla and the dumplings were fab , but the shrimp skewers need some work as they tasted fishy and the mango topping was bland . sitting at the bar is extra fun as one of the bar tv 's is a direct feed of the outdoor patio : was fun watching the patio folk get sloppy and almost knock over tables and think no one noticed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the boris beer and this brand new spot they 've got on st denis is bright and clean and modern and has a nice sunken front patio , and great seating along the pretty alley on the side . but it 's too many tvs and metal chairs inside for me . the shrimp we tried was a little fishy and disappointing . the quesadillas were delish , as were the veggie dumplings . the jazz duo was confusing in that space , sort of like the all around the world menu : this brand new space opened by a cool brewer is like a puppy tripping on all its paws figuring out what it 's going to do with itself . adorable , as were all the friendly eager staff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bar sympa . les boris cooler sont vraiment cool ( 2 $ pendant le 5 a 7 ) . c'est assez calme , si vous pouvez avoir la table dans la mont\u00e9e d'escalier avec les banquettes , c'est encore mieux . niveau client\u00e8le , ce sont surtout des professionnels . les serveurs sont sympas et vous conseillent . niveau nourriture c'est `` correct '' , \u00e7a manque un peu de choix et de choses simples \u00e0 mon gout , mais la carte vient apparemment de changer , \u00e0 essayer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped there for a drink on a warm sunday afternoon . the beer was good ( 2 for 1 was well appreciated too ) service was very friendly . we sat on the patio and even from outside we found the music ( coming from inside ) very loud and being non-smokers , the fact that the patio is open to smokers will probably be a reason why next time we will go somewhere else . is there any way to enjoy a sunny patio without having to breath in everyone 's smoke ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it works ! klaus is an amazing teacher who removed my fear of water and taught me how to swim in 3.5 days . it does sound too good to be true , but he is the real deal . my fear of water is gone and i feel very comfortable in deep waters well . klaus is the right combination of assertiveness and compassion . there was no pre-requisite required to attend his course . i highly recommend it , the best 3.5 days of my life so far ! with the results to show for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "klaus is the best swimming teacher ! his method - intensive learning in 5 days - is the most successful way of teaching adult non-swimmers . i did not have a lot of confidence in my first class because of my failed swim classes before . i remembered thinking i would get my money back if i fail to learn . the transformation is huge for me , with two weekends of classes , i went from being not comfortable in the water to enjoying jumping in the water and swimming to the other end of the pool ; from only knowing swimming free style under the water to swimming competition style breast stroke and back stroke . klaus was so nice and invited my husband during my last day of class . my husband has been swimming since he was a toddler and klaus was able to teach him to float on his back which he never learned from ymca lessons . i guarantee that you will not find a better way to learn to swim as an adult .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "klaus is awesome instructor . his teaching method is simple and easy to follow . it 's too good to be true that learning swimming in five days is possible . i felt it 's impossible to learn in five days while i am signing up for his classes . it did not even took 5 days to swim , glide on the water , holding the breathe under water , breast stroke ( keeping head under the water surface and keeping head over the water surface ) , competition style swimming , back stroke , swimming in 15 feet deep ..etc . i ca n't believe myself that i got the ability all in 3.5 days . his intensive course gave me the muscle memory kick in just 3 days . he taught the importance of buoyancy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to rockne 's just the other day was on my way to louie 's in the falls but could n't find a place to park and i had n't been to rockne 's in a 5 years so i thought i would try it i had a cheese burger with fries and a side of wings first the wings do n't bother they were soggy and had a breading on them that did nothing for the wing or the flavor the burger was greasy and again not up to par the bun was good but i asked for mayo on the side and it came as a individual serving package the food just seemed low grade bar food no care in the preparation the fries were just average and the ice tea weak skip it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "uhhh ... this location ( hudson drive ) has , i believe , closed . others remain open and are enjoyable places to dine , with large servings of good quality food . fresh cut fries are great , as is their humongous fish sandwich . not a special occasion restaurant , but a nice , informal local chain entirely suitable for families .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "location closed picture of for lease sign uploaded ... sent an edit the other day ... still not marked closed ... lots of other locations in the area still open .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is now beckers ... same building , except for the name change out front . atmosphere of a pub sports style restuarant still exist as well as menu items . was like a ghosttown when we went , especially for a saturdat night with an osu game on as well . fries were cold , and waitress continually forgot items we had ordered . chicken and dumpling soup looked good , but was bad to the taste . owner was there `` gladhanding '' people as damage control as each time we drive by location less that 10 cars i nthe parking lot . and that is a huge decrease as location would be packed for lunch and dinner . my opinion would be to let this location pass you by as you drive by ... there is better out there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was my favorite rockne 's back in the day . very sad it closed because i had lots of fun times and yummy meals here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a wide variety of sandwiches at a decent price . i 've ordered 5 different subs and all have been very tastey . even during the lunch rush the food comes out quick . i recommend `` the pirate '' fish sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fadz , i love you for how you now have fadz gear available on your website http : www.cafepress.com fadz ! hats , mens ' and womens ' t-shirts , novelties , and office stuff ! you mean now i can pay you for the privilige of advertising your business ? whoo hoo ! okay fadz , my little joke aside ( and rest assured i meant it with love -- some of your gear looks pretty good ) , your subs are still pretty good and well worth a 3 1 2 star rating . i came here for lunch yesterday and got the triple play -- pastrami , turkey , and swiss cheese . mmmmm !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not a bad li'l place to get a sandwich hoagie . lots of different offerings in that category for under $ 10 . service is fast , food is decent . nothing to write home 'bout nor complain 'bout 'bout .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "8 '' subs ranging from $ 5.49 to $ 6.49 . salads from $ 4.49 to $ 6.49 . subs are less than inspired , even with 30 options they all are basically small variations of the same 4 things . cashier ( whom i 'm assuming is the owner ) was quiet and seemed taken aback when i asked for a suggestion `` with lots of veggies '' . they ended up getting my order wrong and left out the veggies that i so desired ( gave me `` the phoenix '' instead of `` the penguin '' ) . sub was fairly tasty , the bread was by far the best part . waited 5-7 minutes , not terrible for a lunch rush for a grilled meat sub . decor is paper plates , wax paper , penguins and steelers . oh and 50 random model cars mounted on the walls . i will go back for the bread , but hopefully they get my order right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i feel like fadz is getting a raw deal on the reviews here because of the classic problem with reviews ( a bad experience is more motivation to write a review than a good one is ) . simply put , fadz is incredible ! if the staff messes up your order , just pray that they accidently give you a rajun ' cajun . i 'm a pittsburgher through and through and i have to say , the rajun cajun is the best sandwich in pittsburgh . thats right , i said it . better than primanti 's . though close , the bread is what gives the cajun the victory . not sure if it is , but it tastes like mancini 's bread . side note the rajun ' cajun is n't spicy , its more tangy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a close friend had her rehearsal dinner here the night before her wedding . the depreciation lands museum was a cool , unconventional spot to celebrate the impending marriage . i loved the graveyard and old buildings , it was the perfect decor for a wedding right around halloween ! the interior was casual and rustic , with picnic tables , so it might not be everyone 's ideal spot for a wedding-related event . but for pizza , beer , and casual fun , it was perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here in nov 2013 with a group of 5-10 year olds and was taken on a 2 hour tour . the costumed staff presented interactive pioneer history at their level and had them make , bake , & eat corn bread from a dutch oven in a fireplace in a small log cabin . they went into a one room school and solved problems with their slates , toured an herb garden , gathered eggs , and heard accurate stories of how pioneer people ate , slept , built cabins , made clothing , grew & cooked food and used materials found in their environment to make their living more comfortable in an area without stores . the knowledgeable , dedicated staff change the program to meet the age group . this is a popular tour for school groups and was a very valuable learning experience that really held the children 's attention . i do have a suggestion for a name change . when i heard that it was called depreciation museum , i really did n't want to go see it . a more appropriate descriptive name would be frontier or pioneer village .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are ever looking for something to do , a quick visit to this museum will not be regretted . the museum is extremely interactive and is great for families . the actors really know their stuff and are engaged in what they do . i highly recommend this for anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this avis location is a pain . my wife rented a car , and the person working at the avis desk in the lobby would n't release the car to me , so i had to drag her down to get the key from the desk agent and then hand it to me . the desk agent also did n't seem very excited about moving the line of customers along quickly , so we waited a very long time for service . finally , there is not a great return system here either . you have to bring it to the valet to turn it in . well that 's fine , except when there is a big sign out front that says valet full , and there are no valets around to help you out . i had to sit in the car for a while until somebody moved the sign for me so i could go up and drop my car off at the full valet lot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "booked our rental online so that part was easy . day of we got to the desk right at 8:15am and waited in line for like 10 minutes . kind of a pain . picking up our car took 2 seconds though - they basically just handed over the keys and set us on our way . the car itself was gorgeous ( new cadillac ) and the pickup location in the venetian garage was very convenient for pick up and drop off ( since we were staying at the venetian ) . the hours are weird ( 8am-4pm ) so if you need avis after 4pm , you 're pretty screwed . the service was hit or miss", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried to call , but they do n't pick up the phone . tried to call the 1-800 # and they kept trying to enroll me in some `` plan '' that i would have to cancel in a couple months . why ? i just wanted to rent a car ! we finally went to the venetian and had their concierge make the reservation . the girl at the desk was helpful , but they have long lines and one person working . i will never rent from them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "showed up at the desk without a reservation at 8:10 . was second in line . by 8:40 i was sitting in the car . only one attendant available . happy with the experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was fine and very convenient . i should have booked online and could have gotten a better rate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this marshalls had a decent supply of home and fashion goods when i browsed here . in the shoe and purse section there was quite a lot of michael kors , and in the shorts section they had brands such as levi 's and lucky jeans for their customary discounted prices . check out was no problem .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i happen to think bathrooms are not just a place in your home for brushing your teeth and bathing . it can also serve as a refuge place where you go and leave it all behind . marshall 's helped me to create a spa bathroom on the cheap . purchased a few candles , potpourri , and picture frame , sea salts , some fluffy wash cloths , bath towels . my little oasis for only 50 dollars . go to marshall 's now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always been a little hesitant to shop at marshall 's just because it always seems to be kind of messy and confusing and i personally think the prices are too high for what 's being offered . the purse aisle is always a mess , lines are a little too long but customer service is friendly ... interesting selection in products but good luck finding your size if you find something you like . i would recommend checking another store first ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have to update and upgrade my review because i 've found marshalls to be a great place to go for children 's books , toys , and clothes ! when the children 's books go on clearance , you could easily get them for $ 1 or $ 2 each . normally priced , i 'd say the books sell for at least 30 % less than retail . as far as the children 's clothes are concerned , i have found some of the same items at costco for the same price , so it would be a toss up on where you 'd rather buy those from . but in either case , they are significantly cheaper than retail , probably by almost half . kids go through everything so quickly , so this is a great place to get name brand stuff for less .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is clean and never too busy . i usually go here to for the housewares area . they often have the pyrex storage containers that i like to use in my pantry . there fragrances and bath items can be nice too . clothes are nothing noteworthy . i rarely even browse those sections anymore . the tj maxx off of camelback has a much better selection of nicer brand names ( free people , theory , etc . )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent store with a good selection of clothing and household items for the entire family . not a lot of service help on the floor , but the store is kept pretty clean and check outs are fast .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to credit a girlfriend for bringing this store back to mind . when marshalls left my area years ago i followed to az mills . while it 's likely to have changed by now , the mills store was a disaster area ! i like bargains as much as the next person , but picking through a trash heap is not something i 'm willing to do . this store in san tan ( i think ) is very clean and well organized . great for finding `` staples '' and out of season clothing . sweater and jacket found ! the cashiers are very nice and although i was next in line , the manager came over to say they would be with me in a moment . it was a very nice gesture , yet made me wonder what i was doing that prompted his comment . i did n't feel agitated - no dancing , no low rumble , no baring of teeth ! could it be he actually cares about his customer 's experience ? yes ! and for that reason i will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have i mentioned that this is my favorite store ? they are always getting new merchandise and the prices are awesome . i go there anytime i get a chance . they have everything from clothing and shoes , all the way to pots and pans .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is strictly about the check out girl i had . i dont know if she had just woken up ( at 5pm on a fri ) , if she was new , high ... .. she tried to take the security tag of my pants backwards . i had to physically turn her hand over after watching her fail about 10 times and after 10 more times of telling her `` i think you need to flip it over ... '' . i didnt do it rudely mind you , but i was clear she had no clue what she was doing . she even left the needle part on my pants .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the customer service was pretty good . i found paper , denim and cloth brand from ny for really cheap ... awesome deals !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "buyers beware in chandler arizona ! maracay is misleading and lacks integrity . they will not correct their mistakes and will take your money in the process . they only do what is in their best interest and not the customer ! ! sharon lord in particular is an extremely poor representation of maracay and ruined our experience of a potential first-time build . save yourself the heartache !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "oh shawn is very aware of the issues and events and has not bothered to step in or do anything for us . maracay is the worst company i have ever dealt with in my entire 39 years of life . it has been over 3 weeks since we have heard from reyes and we have left her several messages about the most recent needed repairs as things continue to break , squeak and or crack in our brand new home !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if buying a home from a builder that covers up their mistakes , attempts to talk you out of warranty requests , lacks quality control standards , blames their subs for any and all building mistakes and does n't take any responsibility for them then this is the builder for you . from the unknowledgeable design center ; to the 3 different superintendents that were unavailable and cover up artists ; to the 3 different customer service warranty representatives that would try to convince us to live with the mistakes before attempting to fix them ( there 's a reason for high employee turnover ) , our entire experience has been atrocious . save yourself from buying a lemon from a company that lacks integrity . do n't buy a maracay home . there are too many other professional builders out there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food ! not necessarily authentic , but very tasty with good portion sizes . try the chicken quesedila .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quite disappointed in this location , i love mucho burrito usually . i order the veggie burrito and this location 2 times now has only had green peppers and a little onion . their sour cream is watery , and they are very stingy on the cheese . i feel that they 're cutting costs on their products and you can really see and taste it . i recommend going to another location if you 're craving mucho . i personally will never go back to this place", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had lunch here the other day i got their mucho sized burrito and it 's huge the thing has to weigh like 2.5lb 's i gave it to my girlfriend to hold and she was pretty disgusted with the fact that i could finish it . overall i thought it was good i have n't had a better burrito in durham but that 's probably because there is little to no mexican joints around here . the burrito was a little dry which was my only complaint other than the price ( burrito was almost $ 12 ) . overall i would n't frequent too often just because i think it 's a little pricey but i do n't know of anywhere better for a burrito and if i need a burrito in a pinch i 'll probably end up here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "being that i 've been to many locations this location was beyond exquisite . they always have fresh veggie being saut\u00e9ed rather than scrapping the man for every last order . i had asked the employee if they did n't mind switching their gloves as they had been dealing with meat products and i only eat halal meat and they had done so with no hesitation", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like this place . friendly service , fresh tasty food . ingredients are fresh and the burritos are big . seating area is always clean", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had this and was amazing . i got the mucho xl and it was huge ! it was fresh and really tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're giving this place 5 stars you 're due to move out of mom 's basement ! food was terrible ... first time i 've ever eaten a burrito other than at taco bell . when we arrived the meat in the can looked like dog food . i asked 2 or 3 times just to make sure that wasnt what they would serve . luckily , they pulled fresh or resently cooked meat out of a heater rack covered in plastic wrap . so likely this meat was made for tomorrow as it was an hour before closing . the girl threw out the meat in the window and her boss added around one cup of the fresh meat to the chicken and steak container . lots of stuff goes into the burrito but not the stuff that counts . for the $ 7.50 for one small burrito and then add in a pop , i should have just gone for a pint and pound for $ 10.99 next door . lesson learned ... .the school will keep this place floating but those of us that are cultured in food wo n't return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very good fast mexican-esque food . i find the portions are good and you leave feeling satisfied and full . my favourite is the tilpia burrito . the only downside is when you go there and the tilapia is n't ready you have to wait 10 minutes other than that the place is very good and always tastes fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is not bad..it is not good . it just is . i usually get the kids burrito - this is enough for me . the portions for the regular sizes are huge ! the kids one even comes with a drink for around $ 7 ... plus you get some nacho chips . i love the fact that they have so many different toppings - you can really get some nice flavours going . the service is friendly ... but a little slow . i would n't come here all the time ... but once in a blue moon perhaps - got ta save up my pennies as it is n't cheap ( for the regular size meals ... the kid 's one is fine for me )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "finally , a gluten-free friendly fast food but healthy restaurant in ajax ! their salad bowls are filling , they put a good sized portion of meat and do n't look at you funny when you do n't want rice , beans or peppers . the guacamole is fantastic . but then again so are the salsas and all ingredients since they are prepared fresh in house . this is the best canadian alternative to chipotle 's in the usa . i just wish they would take a more sustainable and healthy approach to sourcing the meats ( non-gmo ) . to top it all off , the men 's washroom has a private stall for the urinal . the paper towel dispenser is hands free and there is a garbage can in close proximity to the door . this all might sound trivial , but not to me . the staff are all very friendly and knowledgeable about the food . the seating area is kept clean and overall well laid out . i could eat here daily if only i worked in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great fresh mexican food . build your burrito how you like it with choice of meats , veg , salsa and various hot sauces . beware the ghost pepper hot sauce though , my eyes are sweating now after eating it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will start by saying i have never reviewed anything before and i specifically downloaded the app just to write this review . that is how frustrated i am . this was my first time going to this location and i have n't been to mucho in over a year . their menu has changed . i needed to ask some questions so i let the people behind me go ahead so i would n't hold them up . the gentleman helping me did n't answer any of my questions , seemed to ignore them and acted frustrated i was slowing him down ( i was the only one in line ) . i ended up leaving frustrated . if i were the owner of this location i would want to know how rude and unhelpful my employees were being so i could get them proper training .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the closest to actual mexican food this southern california girl has found !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir haben leider mit dem autohaus brunold sehr sehr schlechte erfahrungen gemacht . bei den kundendiensten wurden immer arbeiten durchgef\u00fchrt , die nicht im wartungsplan standen und von uns auch nicht in auftrag gegeben wurden . die endlosen diskussionen endeten leider immer so , da\u00df wir bezahlt haben um unsere ruhe zu haben die preise sind im vergleich zu anderen werkst\u00e4tten meiner meinung nach \u00fcberteuert wir mu\u00dften aber immer leider immer zu brunold gehen wegen leasing . bei der r\u00fcckgabe am leasingende wurden wir dann noch sowas von abgezockt ! die haben uns jede normale gebrauchsspur nach 4 jahren benutzung , in den wir fleissig die leasinggeb\u00fchren bezahlt haben , als schaden ausgelegt . wir hatten schlie\u00dflich und endlich aber keine lust vor gericht zu ziehen und haben mal wieder an brunold bezahlt . autohaus brunold nie wieder !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "also ich kann nur sagen : top ! ich wurde umfangreich beraten , alle fragen konnten professionell beantwortet werden und auch jetzt nach 1,5 jahren mit meinem fzg bin ich mit dem service und dem autohaus generell umgehend zufrieden . kann ich nur weiterempfehlen ! bin vollstens zufrieden", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probefahrt gemacht ! einweisung konnte man vergessen , der `` verk\u00e4ufer '' hatte keine ahnung vom fahrzeug . nach r\u00fcckgabe ein schlechtgelauntes , unfreundliches azubinen-m\u00e4dchen am `` empfang '' und kein verkaufspersonal , welches mich auch nur ansatzweise wahrgenommen h\u00e4tte ! ich erwarte schon , da\u00df man mal nachfragt ... hat irgendwie kein hahn danach gekr\u00e4ht , ob ich mit dem fahrzeug zufrieden war oder nicht etc . ich glaub , da sind alle autoh\u00e4user gleich unprofessionell ... unglaublich ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nothing out of the ordinary . physicians tend to run behind schedule but the front desk does try to let you know about how much the extra wait will be . the front desk also tends to be nice and courteous at least to me . though i have heard them be a little rude to others .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they straight up wouldnt let me get chicken fingers cause i was over twelve this is bullshit i just wanted my damn chicken fingers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went on sunday with family as we were in the area & in need of dinner . the service was average at best , but in the servers defense , they seemed understaffed . my burger was huge but undercooked . i ordered medium and it was more rare . the fries were greasy & limp and the cheesy corn was served lukewarm . mmmm . yummy , right ? the pop was flat and i got zero refills . then , when i got home a host of stomach issues began , which i can not necessarily contribute to the dinner but the timing would indicate it was responsible . it is unlikely we would pick this place again if we were in the area & in need of food . so , i guess if you want spotty service and food that may cause stomach issues , this would be the perfect spot for you ! $ 34 not well spent . if i could go back in time and un-eat this , i would . also , unrelated to the food , the bathroom was freezing . i think i got frostbite in there", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were hesitant to try this based on the other yelp reviews but i am so glad we gave it a chance . really exceptional service and the food was great . i loved my brisket sandwich . the rib special was also a great deal . it seems a lot of effort has gone into improving the food service lately and it really shows . will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "part of a group that follows emg , when the band plays we come to cowboy and indulged . like the shredded bbq and the ribs with the different sauces . fish tacos are very good . hamburgers are a good choice . salads are so-so . after all , this is a cowboy sports bar . decent beer selection and special drinks to choose from . chips and salsa ! pool table and some video games . karaoke night . check the website for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in a fit of homesickness for barbecue , i went there just before i moved back home to texas . my first clue that this was n't going to end well was the $ 6 price tag for a shiner bock . the waiter bartend then assured me that their brisket had been smoke for 14 hours and was as good as anything back in texas . mighty bold words for a bunch of yankees ! i took them up on it . i can honestly say that if i 'd have peeled the soles off of my boots , boiled them for 14 hours and doused them with store-bought bbq sauce , they still would have tasted better . i read elsewhere on this site that they do great `` texas '' barbecue . buying a mcrib at the mcdonalds while changing planes at iah or dfw does not constitute texas barbecue ! ! ! ! if you want texas barbecue , southwest has reasonably priced flights to austin , houston & dallas ! please quit calling your barbecue texas style . it 's an insult those of us from texas !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been going to the cowboy for years . it has really gone downhill in the past 3-4 years . we loved their wings . they were smoked . but lately even those have been a disappointment . last night we ordered wings to go , with 2 sides , cole slaw and tater tots . the wings were so smokey we could n't finish eating them . the slaw was tasteless , leaving only the tater tots edible . unless they have a major shake-up we probably wo n't go back again . a shame because they are only a few minutes away from home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful service - no matter what we get - always same bill . go to mcdonald 's , buy a six pack and go to the park instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the inmates are running the asylum here . no management at all . our second server was drunk a skunk and slurring words . clearly enjoying the free employee drinks more that the customers . amazing . no wonder the parking lot was empty the previous night not going back ever", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of the worst bbq places in chagrin the service was horrible all of the burgers where over cooked and the restrooms where repulsive with poop all over the seat no toilet paper", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service is awful . after 9 pm on friday night , waitress cash out for end of the shift . no replacement waitress afterwards . we have to go up to the bar to get our own drinks . bartender had sort of an attitude , did n't even finish filling the drink order , she wonders off to fill another drink from order machine , comes back and gave us the total . i was observing from 9 am on , i did n't really spot any manager around running the restaurant . the hostess was running around back and forth . few waitress left in restaurant throughout the night but never near us . kitchen staff is fully loaded not taking any orders . there 's a lot of lost food and beverage revenue there . waitress could have maximized potential food sales and tips during the band . have a 9 pm to 1:30 am bar food specials going . we ended leaving the place hungry looking for other restaurant to order food . maybe have to come earlier to try food again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i dine here often . if you can get here for the happy hour menu you 're lucky . it 's large and great priced . the smoked wings are some of the best . the pulled pork is excellent . the service is superb . you got ta try this place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service and food . i got the fish tacos , which were decent- although i thought they had a lot of cabbage on them . 3 tacos for $ 9 . i could n't finish all 3 for my lunch . my mom got the pulled pork with sweet potato fries and it was absolutely delicious ! we would come back here to try more of the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am currently sitting in this restaurant an hour and 20 minutes into my visit having had 1 glass of wine , an appetizer ( pretzels , which were partially still frozen ) and no main course , which we ordered 45 minutes ago . the waitress has not been back to our table in 25 minutes at least . my whole table has been waiting to place another drink order for longer than that . we will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cowboy is good , not great . the patio is nice and the food selection is solid barbecue . still , when you think bbq , you usually remember a place that you can just totally rave about . cowboy is solid , but if it was n't so close to my home , i probably would n't go there as much as i do . make no mistake , the restaurant is well worth your time if you are in the area and you want a good meal . then again , i would n't tell anyone to go way out of their way to find their way there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "on different visits here i have ordered the pit roasted beef brisket and the half chicken . both times the meat was overcooked and very dry . the cornbread was so overly sweet that it tasted like birthday cake . the beans , at least , were excellent . slow , overpriced , overcooked food . we wo n't be going back anymore . seems to have gotten worse over the past 5 years . at least they have a cool bar and live music . patio is nice when people are n't smoking out there . kid friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "are there new owners ? went last night . waitress terrible . not exactly their fault ... but the food took forever to come up ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cowboy is what it is . it 's okay . i go every few months for a wings night or apps and beer but there 's really nothing that draws me to come back . no one is overly attentive or friendly even when they are slow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the cowboy is n't the most delicious restaurant i 've ever been to , but i 'm a big fan of the all around cowboy experience . the bands are great , servers are sweet , drinks are strong , patio is lovely and the crowd is friendly ( albeit , maybe a tad bit drunk ... thus making it all the more interesting ) . the smoked wings with chipotle is one of my favorite orders . it 's not that the food is bad at the cowboy , it just is n't mind blowing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "loved it ! one of the funnest places in our area . great menu items and drinks selection and nice atmosphere . i also love that they have the `` kids eat for free '' day and other daily specials . definitely plan to bring the entire family there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for bbq ! game room for kids , live bands , large bar and daily specials . always clean and willing to accommodate all size groups . very nice staff- excellent food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to go on a sunday afternoon if you want a leisurely lunch . the bbq brisket sandwich was delicious and the waitress attentively refilled our soft drinks . we 're looking forward to returning in the evening to have a brisket dinner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seated fast . service was good . food was good . fun games for the kids . i tried the ribs , they were delicious , meaty and smoky . we will definitely come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not my favorite place . inattentive staff and huge empty feeling room with no decor is a bit weird . not really feelin ' the `` cowboy '' vibe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they smoke their chicken wings instead of deep frying and they are very tasty with good sauces . burgers are decent and pulled pork is good but drowned in sauce . bartenders and servers are always friendly . kitchen can be slow sometimes and inconsistent . happy hour is decent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great smoked wings , chili , and ribs . ate there several times in the last few months . never had outstanding service . in fact , slow at times . but the last time , the server was beyond rude , told us she was glad we were leaving , and laughed as she walked away . sorry cowboy , we wo n't be coming back any more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrific experience ! ! ! can i just say that i have bought several vehicles and never has the process been so smooth and easy ! there was no pressure or 'sales ' type behavior . staff was great , i worked with ron and he was extremely honest and up front about everything . there were no hidden fee 's , and we were in and out in an record time with our new car . when we first looked at the vehicle there were a couple concerns , all of which were address prior to us taking the car home . this by far was the best car buying experience i have ever had and i assure you that they will have repeat business from me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought my dream car from these guys ! ! ! they are great ! got a great deal on a 2015 corvette stingray ! & i am extremely pleased with these guys , would definitely buy from them again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend buying a car from them , the staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly . they took the stress out of the car buying experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we discovered car and truck depot in phoenix when in the process of shopping for a pre-owned mercedes benz . being that we have purchased many vehicles from every kind of dealer you can imagine , my experience in dealing with robert at car and truck depot has been outstanding , and enjoyable . when i talked to him about the car we were interested in , robert was very friendly , and through , in answering our questions . robert 's company has very strict guidelines in selecting the vehicles of his offerings , so he can ensure they are the very best available anywhere . we were very pleased with the financing arrangements that he secured for us , and for his through knowledge and professionalism . car and truck depot is highly recommended . we are quite happy with our purchase and the great deal ! thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vincent and tim took really good care of us , in fact , we bought 2 cars from them in one week ! vincent is very fair and honest . he will show you the carfax for what you are buying and the fair market value of your trade if you have one . tim ran our numbers and had an estimate for me in about 15 minutes and then when i signed the paperwork , guess what , it was the exact same numbers he quoted me . i never once felt duped or conned and we buy a lot of cars , about every two years ! this was by far the fastest and easiest experience we have ever had when it came to buying a car ( s ) . i would highly recommend checking their inventory because you will be surprised with what they have on the lot , and if they do n't have it , they will find it for you !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i visited car & truck depot when i found the exact car i was looking for on their online inventory . i ended up purchasing it , and vincent made the process extremely simple and stress free . their prices are very fair . i definitely reccommend them for any of your vehicle needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome pricing beat the competition and the sales folks were so helpful and knowledgeable . we worked with ron and he was easy to work with . we bought an audi 5s and he was so patient . it was such a good experience we went back and bought a ram rebel a week later ! they got us two good deals and everyone there was so nice and friendly . i highly recommend this place to anyone who wants a good deal and easy buying experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "earlier this month , i bought a 2010 mini cooper s convertible from ctda . i 've bought lots of cars in the past , and my last attempt with san tan ford left me extra jaded . however , john at ctda immediately put me at ease . there was none of the typically dealership b.s . i was clear with john on what i wanted and my planned test drives at other dealerships . he was courteous and had a clear passion for what he did , as did the rest of his team . i felt very comfortable there . i came back to ctda because the vehicle was clear well serviced and maintained and prepared . john even got me a better rate than i originally had . the just helped make the best deal possible . plus , the ctda get the meaning of customer service . i 've already referred a friend here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst dealership to go to , i was looking at the cars outside and no one came out to greet me after they had seen me i had 10k cash and a armada trade in.after finally getting to talk to john i think was his name , that was smoking cigarettes outside looks like a twig and long alien looking neck . we went inside and it felt really unpleasing to be there no water was offered to me or anything else . he was really rude and me and my wife felt awkward being there . nice cars but really unpleasant experience . i went and bought my lexus elsewhere and i 'm glad i did n't make a purchase with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i had been looking for a car for a few months to replace mine . when i saw the car i wanted at this car lot , we went to look at it and drive it . the 3 people who work there are very friendly . we were met right as we walked in and taken straight the car and offered the keys to drive it . it took a little bit , but they were willing to meet my husband on price right where we could be . the whole experience was much better than buying a new car at a dealership ! they even let us take our newly acquired car to the bank and title place : ) thank you dana and robert for the wonderful experience ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just purchased a bmw 5 series from car and truck depot . my car buying experience was exceptional . john was very helpful . they have an awesome selection of vehicles . i highly recommend car and truck depot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ppl to work with ! honest and helpful so glad i bought a car here the whole family is happy - thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this dealership was amazing . located near the airport , the office is n't much to look at . once inside though , the people make the difference . fun sales team who let me go at my pace . not a heavy pressure sales job . had a great conversation as we drew up the paperwork . fastest process i 've been through . highly recommended . finally found the car of my dreams !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely phenomenal experience from start to finish ! ! ! special thank you to alicia , robert and their entire team . the buying process was flawless , initial call was handled professionally with all questions answered honestly , filled out an online application , arrived the next day and was driving off the lot in 45 minutes ! ! ! bravo , car and truck depot , you have a customer for life ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found a great car online & contacted this dealer . i loved dealing with one person through the whole deal . ron was great to work with , very personable & honest . no high pressure tactics . we worked out a fair deal & drove away with a full tank of gas & a smile on my face . we will definitely recommend car & truck depot of az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "initially i was very apprehensive to purchase a car over the internet sight unseen . john the general manager helped me understand the process and walked me through every step of the way . john provided every detail of the car , good and bad and allowed me to make a decision with no pressure . he was very attentive and paid attention to every detail to make me comfortable . i just received my 2012 bmw 550i m sport and it 's everything they said it would be . i would highly recommend car & truck depot of arizona", "score": "5"}
{"review": "with the rebranding of hung fook tong into sweet pea dessert cafe , i was hoping that would be new items on the menu just like their north york location . but sadly , it is still the same old , same old ... not even a revamp of the aged interior deco . steamed milk with ginger ( $ 6.50 ) and assorted mochi ( $ 7 ) were both a-ok . i always enjoy their mochi ! will i be back ? maybe as there are not too many choices for traditional chinese dessert . accepts visa , mc and debit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here a few times but yesterday was probably the last . i ordered the seasonal fruits waffle but the waffle tasted extremely undercooked . it was too soft and had a `` defrost '' taste . we also shared the mango roll but it was just coated with shredded coconut with a giant sour mango . the selection of the menu is great but everything i 've tried was not good enough for me to order again unfortunately .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even though they are supposed to close at midnight ... i walked in at 1225p and they are still very nice to serve me ! i feel bad : ( i really did n't know they close at 12am . i ordered two papaya paradise and it 's super delish ! this place is always fresh with lots of traffic so i 'm sure i wo n't get a stomachache after having their dessert ! highlight of the visit : serving me with happiness after closing time ! food ( taste ) : 5 5 food ( presentation ) : n a - got take out kitchen ( delivery speed ) : 5 5 service : 5 5 ambiance : 4 5 - bright but thought they would play some hk tunes , instead i hear neyo : ) all rnb here fun factor : n a - not a soul here right now lol", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after chomping down on a huge dinner nearby , we ended up here for some dessert . feeling fuller than [ insert some obscenities here ] , i settled with just a tall , cold glass of honey lemon tea , whilst my companions decided on more substantial offerings . as it was fairly late at night , the total wait time was short and soon i was paired with a large mason jar . thin slices of lemon , lime , and orange trapped beneath cubes of ice , condensation running down the side , this cold refreshing beverage just begged to be drunk . the sweet taste of honey flowed from straw to tongue , balanced out by tangy citrus notes . the variety of slices ( albeit limited in overall quantity ) provided a welcome interlude from just gulping down a jar of liquid , and i left oddly satisfied having ordered just a simple drink . perhaps next time i wo n't overindulge in dinner beforehand .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just happened to be in markham , so we started yelping to see what was new in the area . we saw some reviews about sweet peas ( and i do agree that the two silverstar locations made it confusing when it 's exactly the same address with different interiors ) . we ordered the 12 assorted mochi for $ 13 . i was hoping to get mango and lychee but we got none . but instead we got 4 flavours and 3 of each : black sesame , taro , mocha and honeydew . they were smaller than we thought and only the taro tasted like taro . the honeydew tasted artificial and black sesame did n't taste like black sesame . some said the mocha tasted like coffee , but i thought it tasted like chinese milk tea . we did n't enjoy it at all , but we 'll probably come back to try other desserts . i would n't recommend ordering the mochi because the ones at t & t is almost double the size with real ingredients .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this dessert place is so good . every year when i come to toronto , i make sure to stop by . every year i forget what i had the previous and so i am always trying new desserts here . this year instead of having ice cream at swiss chalet , i made sure that this would be my first stop for dessert this summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the mixed fruit cheesecake the whip cream had a bitter aftertaste to it the cheesecake had a weird cheesecake taste to it instead of a fork , they gave me a spoon also took too long for the dessert to arrive would not come here again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food quality - just like every other average joe dessert places , got better options around ! food options - great variety service - below average ( attitude ) : ordered 2 traditional grass turtle jelly , it came with approx . 10ml of syrup , asked for more and they said there are extra charges . come on , the jellies are bitter ! not to mention the 10no syrup was watered down to begin with . environment - it 's well lit and plenty of spaces . does n't seem dirty . service and quality are essential . i do n't need to pay for bad attitude and extra charges on bad quality syrup . not recommended .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best hong kong dessert place in town . very authentic and oh so good . a great selection . fantastic high quality ingredients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . sadly , not too impressed ! only one table occupied upon arrival . service was slow & dessert were just ordinary & overpriced ! old menu ( from previous shop ? ! ) differs from shop name . would i come back for seconds ? ! most likely not !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first time at this restaurant . staff was n't really friendly , and missed one of our orders to the kitchen . would appreciate it if the food temperature can be a bit higher . portion size is alright , but not very proportionate , seem like they try to make the dishes fuller by adding more of the compliment ingredients . if i get to choose , will not come back here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pricy for dinner . big lobster was served . did a banquet meal that featured traditional dishes from different chinese regions . part of outdoor chinese plaza . may return to try the ordinary menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cramped spaces , we got raw meet on our table , the service was terrible , and we didnt get our soup because they were `` all out '' . avoid like the plague", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there with 5 friends today . waitress never put up a smile and seems impatient . food took quite a bit of time to come up . price is very expensive so we expect a bigger portion ... but that was n't the case ( very small ) . just for example , sweet and sour pork cost about $ 14 . i had better sweet and sour pork for much cheaper price .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always come here and eat with my boyfriend 's dad and his family and have been to this restaurant a couple of times with friends . the service is pretty good and the food is also really good . definitely order the deep fried lobster , deep fried squid , snails in black bean sauce . the soup that they serve is amazing and feels good for the soul ( usually bigger tables ) . they only take cash here so make sure you remember to fill up your wallets ! overall , good price , good service and good food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time here with my friend and her family . i 've heard of this place before but never really tried it..so this was my first time..it 's an a-ok place . i guess its because people see how successful fisherman 's has become so they would like to have a scoop of the profits ... lol ... the lobster here has it 's own style and it 's not bad ... they have some creativity in their chinese dishes i have to say ... there was a dish which really caught my taste buds and eyes ... .it was soft tofu covered in light bread crumbs batter and baked in cheese ... it seemed quite interesting and the taste was quite delicious ... we had a big lobster for dinner , some veggie and meat dishes..all in all this place was an a-ok ... i will come back in case fisherman 's is fully booked ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "2.5 star i always believe in giving restaurant a second chance . this review though is based on my dinner experience . menu is like a photo album with really nice photos of dish they serves . fun to browse through and seems like there are so many to choose from . honey pepper beef with broccoli ( $ 11.95 ) and rice with shrimp and roe ( $ 15.95 ) that we ordered were both disappointing . both lack the balance in taste . the beef tasted bland while the broccoli was over salty . the steamed rice was good portion wise but still lack flavour . the complimentary soup and dessert ( bird nest w milk ) though were quite good ! maybe i should just come in for the freebie ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is probably the worst tanning establishment in the valley . i am a huge fan of palm beach but out of all the locations , this by far is the worst . the staff drowns you in sale pitch after sale pitch on their lotions . this happens every single time i walk though their door . i thought body heat was bad . i do n't feel like i need to be picked on as soon as i walk in through the door when all i wan na do is tan . and once you say no to what they 're offering , the girls become stuck up or snooty just because you would n't by anything . last month 's payment was also charged twice ! ! i 'm canceling my membership . this is n't worth it . if i could give them 0 stars ... i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even cancelling my membership is proving to a nightmare . why bother responding to all the terrible reviews on yelp when nothing is done to change . save yourself the hassle people : go to another salon where you are actually respected and so is your money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i had a coupon for a free mystic tan..off i go to use it before it expired . i have done the mystic before just not here . thankfully they did not try to hard sell me on a package . the girl was really friendly who helped me . but i had a bit of a wait so by the time i was called the girl who was helping me was gone . so i go back with the replacement sales girl & she explains the process . she tells me not to wear the booties on my feet since they will leave a ring around them . so i dont & guess what ? i end up with crazy dark feet underneath . it looks horrible . i scrubbed and scrubbed but that didnt do much to fade them . i had to give myself a pedicure to try and remove the freakish color . there is still a trace of color but i did my best . i wont be going back there again thats for sure..even for another freebie .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is honestly one of my favorite locations so i do n't understand the bad rating . the staff is always super helpful and professional . i love the catalina spray tan and it always develops perfectly . i 've been with palm beach tan for a little while now and i have to say it is one of the best tanning salons i have ever been to . i always get in and out quickly and the rooms machines are in great condition . noel is by far my favorite ! ! she is very tan savvy and helped me tremendously when i first started . she helped me slowly develop a very vibrant and natural looking color . all in all this salon is great and if you are looking for a new tanning salon i would definitely recommend this location ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great beds ! they have a pretty good unlimited monthly membership . $ 89.99 for all beds and spray tanning . if you tan in the beds and spray , this is a great price ! the normal price is $ 109 but they usually have a special bringing it down to $ 89 . they charge a $ 20 start up fee now . they never used to make people pay it in the past but it seems like their rules are more strict . you can only tan once every 24 hours in the beds but you can spray as much as you want . this is important to know because not all salons go by the exact 24 hour period , most let you tan once a day regardless of what time it is . sadly , the friendliness of employees is still a hit or miss ! sometimes you will have the nicest girls working the front and other times , not so much . they stay open late and it 's not a bad price for unlimited tanning , that 's why i continue to go here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the girls is just a lie she is fake and she just gave me horrible service . she was lazy , no smile , nothing , very rude . i would never go to this place again . customer service needs work . unhappy customer=no customer", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always happy here and always great service , im not a coupon person or anything , so i am just happy to go because i really enjoy it . i just started tanning lightly again for the first time in about twenty years and everything is great for me . very relaxing in the winter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the manager who worked on thursday night was very unprofessional and ruined my experience . that location is a joke ! ! ! ! someone please shut that sorry excuse for a tanning salon down . body heat ? at least respect the customer we pay your paycheck or maybe you are too much of an idiot to realize that", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it took us a while to find them but union cleaners is the best we have found in the stallings indian trail no . weddington area . very reasonable pricing . mr and mrs. park are absolutely outstanding and they do tailoring on site as well . dry cleaning is always ready same day or the next.. a fantastic locally owned business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent , full service dry cleaning & alterations have been using them for the past six years and have nothing but accolades for them . if you live in the stallings area , you should be using them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on multiple occasions they were not able to remove stains from the dresses , pants , etc but they charged me for the items . not happy . i 've decided that im not coming back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first community yelp event , and i 'm a fan ! everyone was so friendly , and it was nice to meet some other yelpers . there was free food and beverages , and even a sundae bar ... .which my husband was a fan of ! this was my first time at monster mini golf ... .we like to play mini golf , but the black lights and theme made it really cool . they had mini games , a limbo contest , and even gave everyone quarters to use in the arcade . it was also nice to hear from the owners themselves . we were all given buy one , get one free coupons , which i thought was also cool . we will most likely be back and bring our 10-year old niece , i 'm sure she 'd love it ! i should also mention that my bff and her husband were also there , and ah-hem , i did in fact win at mini golf . but , who 's keeping track ? ! thanks to rachel c. and the monster mini golf owners ... .we had a great time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a really great time at the yelp event at monster mini golf . i had never been to an indoor mini-golf course and was pleasantly surprised by how big and open the space felt ... and that it was all glow-in-the-dark ! we started the night with a slice of pizza and a beer ( thank you , yelp ! ) and then hit the course with a few new friends to mini golf . they staggered our start points so that everyone was n't waiting in line , which was a great idea . a dj was playing great jams and keeping the energy level up . there were a few prizes and challenges throughout the course that made things even more fun . the night rounded out with an ice cream sundae bar ... had n't enjoyed that luxury since middle school and it was a great end to the night . my hubby and i had an awesome time there as adults , so i can only imagine how much fun kids would have ! would be a great place for a birthday party or a rainy day activity . we will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i apologize for writing this review so late . my friend and i were able to attend this yelp event and interacted with other yelpers . i even became friends with our golf partners . the mini golf course is more suited for elementary and middle schoolers but we still enjoyed our time there . the business owners were nice and attentive to our party the whole time there . i would like to give a shoutout to the girl djing the booth . she had a hard job trying to get us to participate in the prize drawings and was engaging the whole time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stopped in bombay 's yesterday around two for lunch . who would expect to find a truly amazing gyro at a place named bombay 's ? they serve indian food , gyros , and burgers . so it is definitely an odd mix-up , but i would try anything here . i ordered a gyro ( $ 6.11 w tax ) , and the friendly guy behind the counter chatted with me throughout the assembly after seeing my student id . he asked me if i wanted sriracha or pickled vegetables on the gyro . at first i was surprised , but how awesome is that ? ! ? i did opt for some sriracha , which was genius . the lamb was fantastic and perfectly spiced and cooked . the best part was that he did not just glob on the tzatziki sauce , it was spread thin and even . score . between the cheap as can be prices and awesome employee , i will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the elusive five stars . forget sree 's , this place is the cooler , tastier sibling . not much in the way of ambience , but the food makes up for it . choose 3 from about 8 different dishes , some with meat and some vegan . choices change daily , and i 've never been disappointed . from indian curries to a pakistani ground meat dish that was amazing , you really ca n't go wrong . plus , the amount of food they heap on for $ 7 is almost ridiculous . i always have leftovers for a late afternoon snack ! they also serve burgers , and i see many gyros going out the door , but with all of the traditional dishes , i have yet to try anything else . the owners are great . giving 5 stars was n't even a question . one tip : get there by about 1:15 pm or the choices may be limited .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap and fast indian lunch special : $ 5.95 gets you a substantial piece of grilled flat bread ( chose white , brown , or pita ) , rice , and three dishes . when i went there were only four to chose from : a pleasantly spicy but a little runny saag paneer , soft yellow cabbage , and two chicken dishes , tikki masala and chicken curry . so not the best spot for vegetarians , but better flavors than sree 's . i was in and out in less than five minutes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "give this place a try ! i ran in just at closing time after a long day at the conference center . most of the food and such had been put away or cleaned . the cook graciously messed everything up , cut a fresh tomato and prepared my small take out order with attention to every detail . his kindness would have been enough for a good review , but the food was amazing ! much the cheapest meal i 've had on my business trip and the second tastiest . gyro and fries !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap , quick and easy is just how i like my curry . the aloo baingan , or as i call it the 'eggplant potato-y thing , ' is my hands down favorite dish when they have it . the convenience of this place coupled with the delicious copious foodstuffs is unparalleled and the guys who run the joint are stand up individuals . i like this place more than sree 's . there , i said it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "besides being a great value , the food is amazing . i have tried it a week ago and had the tikka masala with a side of a pea dish . both were excellent , nicely spiced without being too spicy . the 2nd time i went was yesterday and unfortunately at 2pm they were sold out of the indian dishes , though you could still order a gyro . i was instructed to arrive earlier for the indian food . i went back again today and boy am i glad i did . there was delicious chicken curry , again the tikka masala ( which is my new favorite ) and i had spinach with indian spices with a side of pita . and a variety of other dishes along with good quality rice . great portions , excellent flavors and good customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just arrived at the hotel from a long day of flights . left central texas about 5 am and did n't get to stop for food all day . i found the reviews , and after learning the restaurant was close we decided to check it out . we were at the point of hangry , luckily it was directly across the street from our hotel . we ordered gyros & fries the food was so fresh and made to order . not much seating , but i recommend it for a quick bite or carry out . great way to start our trip !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been eyeing this little spot from my hotel room for days and finally came by for lunch in an effort to not eat the convention center box lunch . i tried the indian lunchbox of sorts with rice , curry chicken , tandoori , spicy cabbage and garbanzo beans . i 'm pleasantly surprised by the spice on the cabbage . really ca n't be beat for the inexpensive meals and truly great service of a mom & pop downtown shop . they also have traditional lamb gyros , chicken gyros and falafel- it was hard to just choose one thing ! i must say , their grilled pita to dip in these sauces is quite an unexpected delightful lunch . so glad i skipped the convention center box lunch today ! had to dock a star for the heat inside- just come ready to sweat while you wait and expect to take everything to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible service to first time customer here for a conference . i ordered a gyro . on my own . then he took the next order behind me and fixed their 3 orders first without starting my gyro . i overheard they were regulars . i left ... i do n't have time for this . maybe good if you 're in the inner circle but this out of towner is not impressed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very fast service . the couple the owns bombay are very nice and generous . i had the tikka masala which was wonderful . portions were very big . we will be returning for lunch again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food & gracious cook . i like the the way he serve me the food on off lunch timing as a overwhelming host ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is strictly about their indian lunch special of tandoori chicken and `` curry '' sides . while the portions were ample and filling , i almost wish they had given me less - every item was a kind of non-distinctive slop . i might as well have been eating slightly indian-flavored air . the gyros looked lovely , so i do n't want to write this place off completely - but it 's a no-go for indian .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in town for business , staying across the street , but the `` gyros '' sign kept calling me . went in , got a gyro with everything . they asked if i wanted it spicy , and i said yes . i received one of the best gyros i 've ever had . the siracha complimented the sauce so well . highly recommended . not much of a place to sit there . go to a park and enjoy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked in at 11:20 for lunch and absolutely nothing was ready . could n't get fries . nothing in the warmer trays . had to wait 15 minutes for a gyro of mediocre quality . and `` spicy '' was just a squirt of sriracha sauce added .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the lunch box.. it was not that good.. they should give it in a big takeaway plate . right now they just put it on top of the rice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "finally gave this place a try . i 'll be visiting more often now that i know how good it is . if you are unsure , just walk in and take a look .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a daily special of rice , bread ( flat bread ) , and 3 curries . it 's just a little hole in the wall with a small lunch line style counter . great flavor ! in all 3 curries . the guy next to me got a gyro and it looked great . if the place had any kind on dining area , ambience , or more than 1 guy serving everybody ... it would rule the street . but the line out the door proves they probably do .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a find . it 's kind of a charming , petite place with one small counter dining space along an exposed brick wall . more importantly , the people are really nice and service oriented and most importantly - the food is delicious ! great gyros and an eclectic mix of other really good fast foods !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in town for a convention . had gyros and a burgers for lunch great value , great tasting gyros .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place is somewhat depressing but the gyros are pretty good . it 's also the closest place to grab food outside the westin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "perfect for lunch . fast n delicious . the curries are good . you can choose three with bread and rice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in . just asked for the gyro lunch special . and it was amazing ! as is ... however he usually makes it ... bomb ! ! ! just had him put very little siracha ... .but it was so oooooo tasty ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i spent thousands of dollars on hair removal from brazilian to face . every time i came here they tried to sell me something else . they also always said that the machine was a new one and it worked better . it never did work better . $ 3,000 later i still have a lot of hair and no warranty as they promised . the employees are awesome , however the product is n't . it really is n't the location 's fault as much as it is the entire company 's fault .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i recently visited the american laser center for hair removal treatments . the staff was very polite , extremely helpful and professional . i would recommend their services to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i forgot to include this in my original review but my legs have a weird pattern on them . it 's like a honeycomb pattern of hyper and hypo pigmentation . thank you guys for ruining my legs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we asked google tp find us a fast food place with a drive through , i then read the reviews , the distance of which it was located from where we 're driving & lastly they were open till 10pm ... bonus ! ! ! for the record we were hungry from bowling league and just wanted something different & freddy 's delivered , so much so we called after hours to say the burgers we 're on point ! thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , this place is great . just opened close to my place and i was pretty pumped . had it before when i lived in tx . i would n't recomend eating here every day , as it 's not exactly healthy food , but comparing it to other fast food places ? yeah , this is a great place ! awesome burgers , crispy fries , and the sundaes are very good . quick , not too expensive , and good flavor . did i mention the sundaes ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my second time visiting , the first time we went we were way to full to try the custard ! the burgers we had were amazing ! my bf hates mustard and pickles on burgers and he loved the original double burger ! also that jalapeno fry sauce is sooo good ! we put it on our burger . the second time we visited we shared the turtle sundae and again we deffinetly will be back ! 2 visits and 2 homeruns in my book ! also the staff was very friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if steak and shake is a 3 or 4 , this is a 5 . the custard is super solid too . just happened upon this place , but it would kick the shit outta every place in my home town . love freddy 's . outstanding burgers and custard . if ya love a greasy burger , this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad freddy 's opened a branch closer to us ! had a double steakburger cali style combo ( added bacon cause you just have to ) and my wife had the single steakburger combo . solid meal at a solid price . wanted to split a custard after but , as always after eating here , was way too stuffed ! burgers are really tasty - better than shake shack , imho . not quite equal to in n out but delicious nonetheless ! tasty burgers , fast service , genuinely friendly staff , and super clean restaurant - what more could you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never been to freddy 's before but after today ... ima be coming here for my burger fixes ! burgers are bomb , fries be fire ! & the fry sauce is bomb dot com ! ! ! lmfaooo ca n't go wrong ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice fast food place . i ordered the veggie burger and asked for it to be vegan so no cheese and no fry sauce ( it has egg in it ) . after we placed the order , the manager came up to me and said that the buns are made with egg and offered to make it a lettuce wrap instead , which i really appreciate , definitely a sign of good management . food was great ! good quality for fast food . i also had the fried pickles ( which according to their allergy info online are free of egg and dairy ) and the fries and both were delicious ! i do hope they get more vegan options in the future but all in all i will be back in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by on a whim today and was glad that i did . it was nice that there were vegetarian options , and both myself and son ordered the veggie burger . it was a black bean burger with actual piece of black beans , and it was very good . the fries however were awesome . of course you ca n't have them with the fry sauce . the staff was a very friendly . not only was the cashier helpful and nice , she carried out her tasks with a smile . the lobby attendants were very attentive , asking several times if we needed anything , and even held the door for us on our way out . really nice lunch experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on my way to freddy 's again . my first time around i came twice in one day ( once by myself and again for the family and i ) . i 've mostly tried the burgers but i have explored the menu and will be trying the fish sandwich and a coney . i 've had the chili cheese fries which is why i rated a 4 star . they were n't the best , but i know if i special order them they 'll be like all the other . anyhow , headed there for the works i want a double cali with shoestring fries . ca n't wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just opened today ... came about 8pm and no one was there and got our food in 5 minutes . i have been stopping at freddy 's in victorville for years and is one of my favorites for burgers . all the food was served hot and looked perfect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with a friend after hearing about freddy 's so i was super excited to see this new burger place in town . we came in and my friend ordered a double steak burger and i ordered their patty melt and a double steak burger to go since the boyfriend was stuck at home : ) the food was really good , i thought their patty melt was tasty and i loved their fries . i actually tried the burger later that day when i delivered the bf the food and that was super tasty . their fry sauce was just alright , sorta generic tasting but we loved that they have it on tap , like ketchup ! ! we did end up sharing their turtle custard cup , and i was hesitate to get custard from a chain restaurant , but i was pleasantly surprised ! ! yum ! plus , they had super friendly employees which is always a plus !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "freddys wins the award for best milkshake from a fast food restaurant ! the chocolate shake was awesome . it had quality chocolate , not the cheap squeezy bottle kind . it was thick , but they gave you a nice fat straw that worked well . they also had appropriate cheese fries . they came with a cheese sauce versus melted cheese that gets too hard right away . the fries were thin cut and tasty . i tried the chicago dog also . it was a quality hotdog with multiple toppings . be careful with the peppers , they were very spicy . the relish was sweet so it was a nice offset . the patty melt had 2 delicious beef patties that were well seasoned . it came on rye bread with caramelized onions and cheese . if you are a fan of in-n-out burger like i am , you need to try this place . it gives them a run for their money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for me , double steakburger california style is the best item on the menu . love their string fries and fry sauce . great customer service and friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is about what you would expect from a steak burger restaurant . the meat is a little on the dry side , but the burgers are still tasty . the fries have barely any salt on them , but i prefer that over them being over-salted . i have not yet tried the custard items , but i will . my only real complaint is that depending on when you go the place can be very loud and crowded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure where these high ratings are coming from but if i were to compare freddys to wendy 's i 'd put them on par . they certainly do n't compare to in & out burger especially on the price point , but i do give then the edge on the fries at freddys . as you can see from this pic the steak burger is ... well should i say , not so much a steak more like sliver . the burger is sooo thin the sliced onion was thicker . flavor again just ok , but of course i love gourmet burgers . the custard was tasty . i had the turtle sundae , but if you want really good custard stuck with rita 's . although my first visit feel a bit flat , the service was great and the restaurant clean . i 'll visit again if i 'm in the area and taste for a quick burger . in & out still remains my quick stop burger spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been waiting to try this place out since it opened . i ordered a double cheeseburger combo . i love the shoestring fries and the sauce . the burgers are like homemade patties . not that frozen round patty from other places . the patties were seasoned just like the fries too ! the drink comes in a reusable cup , so it 's like a souvenir ! i 'll definitely be back ! oh there drive thru window opens from left to right , not right to left so do n't pull all the way up ... lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "running errands and missed breakfast and lunch . freddy 's happened to be the closest place to eat . wow ! the burgers are amazing ! freshly made , well seasoned and full of deliciousness.i do not eat french fries but my husband says freddy 's are really good . i typically avoid fast food but ... .once in a while we get so busy we need something fast . this will be our go to fast food place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burgers and frys . meat taste super fresh and best fries in town . better to order a double or triple burger to get plenty of meat . service is top noche for a fast food place . several times staff walked by to check on me . highly recommend this place if your a burger fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "portion is great for 8 dollars i go there two times a month . i typically get anything with bacon so i go for the number 7 combo which is a double bacon cheeseburger . the sundaes are great i havent tried any other one but the turtle . there is vegeterian options since my sister goes for meatless mondays its worth a try . i have recommended this place to many others", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was told about this place from my sister who lives in denver and she raves about the hotdogs , but also loves the burgers and fry 's . so i went to give this place a try and fell in love , after my first visit i have decided that this is my favorite new burger place , not only is the food and the price point great but the customer service was outstanding , every one i encountered there was very friendly and helpful especially one of the managers olivia who told me all about the company and where they were from and made me feel at home there . i definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for great food and world class customer service . thank you to all the crew at this freddy 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently this place caught my eye . tonight my family and i decided to give it a try . kinda pricey but the food was good . my daughter is picky about the breading on chicken fingers she usually picks through it , but to my surprise she ate the chickens without picking at them . we got the patty melts with bacon and it was good and filling . the fry sauce is awesome . once the food has settled and there 's room to eat more ca n't wait to try the yummy ice cream we bought home as well . we will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is friendly but the portion sizes are way too small for the price . it 's kind of a rip off for the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we came in to try it the ice cream is great the customer service is on point and the food looks good it 's always busy in here you can say that 's a good thing very clean and me net", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the shoestring fries , thin grilled patties , and frozen custard . i also like how i can have bacon on the burgers . you can also replace the drink in the combo for a custard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my girlfriend and i came here for dinner , this was the first time here . i had the # 6 combo and my girlfriend had the # 5 combo . the food was good and the staff was very polite and helpful . we will be coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a patty melt and fries . i was told by the cashier i may want to order double meat cause the patties are small and people complain . really ? i order just a single patty and she was right . super small patty . wierd . you go into other burger places and they do n't encourage you to get a double because the single is too small . i found the patty melt to be mediocre . fries were ok. shoestring . $ 6.91 . i could have been more fulfilled at in-n-out burger . everyone was super nice , but the burger . meh .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time eating here and i was impressed ! good menu and options . i had the melt with cheese fries ! delicious , honestly my new favorite burger place . my boyfriend had a triple he loved every bite . love how thin the patties are . we also had onion rings which were good . i love the jalape\u00f1o fry sauce i put that on everything ! we also ordered 2 regular custards togo which were amazing too ! the staff was very friendly and even took care of our tray , which was very nice considering how full we were . the portions are big for what you pay . we will definitely be back to explore the rest of the menu ! please come to summerlin ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man was the staff stingy on napkins , ranch and ketchup in the drive through ! great food with amazing dusted fries with seasoning . however , i felt the staff was n't courteous enough to give a paying customer that wanted some freaking ketchup and ranch with their food and a napkin to wipe my face and hands ! oh get a mini desert instead of a regular if you can help it , quite a bit of food for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food and service just a slight problem me and my friends came here to get a bite we all had 100s and they basically said they could n't help us seems like they never seen a 100 dollar bill or do n't appreciate people that actually have money and not paying with change", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location just opened today ! we 've been looking forward to it . freddy 's totally surpassed our expectations . the california steakburger was a gourmet burger , french fries were crisp and hot ; and , we made room for desert ! the vanilla frozen custard with butterfingers and whipped cream - omg ! staff was well trained , courteous and pleasant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our first time eating here . been waiting for a burger joint like this to open . we ordered freddys original double , original double patty melt and fries . the freddy original double and original patty melt was so deliciously juicy . the fries , omg it so so good . ca n't wait to eat there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was excellent ! loved the double steak burger with fries . fast and fresh . will be going back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is where i go when i want a good burger and cheese fries . they are always consitant , even when i visit other locations . the burgers are juicy with lots of flavor . the cheese fries are so good ! if you have room , try the custard , it is so creamy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "burgers were great . did n't have time for custard but we did have the fry sauce with our fries . this you have to try . both fry sauces are great regular or spicy . i ordered the california style without thousand island dressing but added mustard and it was great ! will definitely try it again after it is n't so busy . last visit it was super busy and did n't want to fight the line for custard after eating . daughter did n't like the hotdog very much , bun was very hard and cold .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ive been wanting to try freddies for a couple weeks now , since it opened up 2 blocks from my house . i went there tonight and ordered the cali style steak burger , reg fry and chicago style hot dog . service was friendly and order was up quick . my issue is i took the food home to eat it , only 2 blocks away , and my hotdog was cold , the burger and the fries were hot . burger tasted ok and same with the fries . i will probably just go to canes next time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a incident that the owner personally took care of and my last several visits have been great good food good service freddy 's is a must visit", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious burgers and frozen custard selections ! service is fast . the staff provided good customer service and a clean environment . we were greeted and asked how our meal was . this was our first visit to this place . but will be regulars , and more familiar with the menu and ordering process .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best burger i 've had in years ! i mean wow ! i ordered the # 4 the hamburger and hot dog combo and from first bite , i was in love . even the oreo ice cream cookie was perfect . i 'll def return and i 'm bringing everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great classic style atmosphere . food was fast and hot . employees were enthusiastic and friendly . family loved it and i 'm sure we will be coming back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really loved it , i prefer a thin hamburger to a giant meat puck . the only thing that was not good is that they forgot my fries . i just ate my boyfriend 's instead . however , for the coast of a combo it 's pretty pricey to miss out on them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to freddy 's three times in a week . the burgers are soooo good and the frozen custard is really great ! the staff is always friendly and makes ordering very easy . the restaurant is very clean as well . this is definitely our new favorite burger place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently ate here for the first time and all i could say is yummy ! i went to the warmsprings location and the staff was super friendly . i ordered the single steakburger combo and was not disappointed ! the patty is thinner than your typical burger but it was packed with flavor and i loved the skinny fries ! make sure to try it with the spicy fry sauce ! ! my sister ordered the patty melt and that was awesome as well ! i finished my meal with a signature turtle sundae which was amazing ! in & out watch out , your prices may be slightly lower but freddy 's is just as flavorful , if not more , has more menu options like hot dogs , chicken tenders , kids meals ( w full cup of apple sauce ) and lets not forget the sundaes are to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not that great . good , not great . looked awesome- and the malt was so rich it was almost inedible !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time recently , it is like a steak n shake we had back in saint louis . the food was hot and tasty , the customer service was excellent as well . i had a shake and it was pretty good as well . lots of room for seating and very clean as well . there was a line when we went there but it moved pretty fast and the food came out quick as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were in the area and my boyfriends mom wanted to try their frozen custard . it 's much creamier than ice cream . i got one of their specialty custards , however you could also make your own with the toppings that they have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate here today with my kids and their friends the kids loved the french fries and the food was good , the fry sauce is good , i had a double patty melt is was good with the fry sauce i put on it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was very nice . they messed up my order at the drive thru gave me a burger instead of the patty melt but i received an extra burger out it . so that 's a plus . but the patty melt was very greasy and messy probably because they had to rush to get out my order and the fries were lukewarm . not terrible but definitely not worth $ 9 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great little burger place that a friend referred us too . the service was awesome , as the cashier was helpful as we questioned about custard and food . also , it was prepared super quick ! the burgers were really good . i had a patty melt , and it was piping hot and delicious . their shoe string fries were really good too , with whatever seasoning they sprinkle on them . and do n't get me started on their custard ... er mer gerd . so good . and all at a not too bad of a price also ! two meals with drinks and a small sunday split between my wife and me ran just under 24 bucks . should definitely try at least once !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best fast food burger i 've ever had ! quick and responsive team , hot and delicious food , and a clean comfortable dining room . very nice addition to the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our usual go-to fast food burgers are at wendy 's or sonic . but i noticed freddy 's on yelp and we thought we would give it a try . well , next time it 's back to wendy 's or sonic . the freddy 's burger was over-cooked and dry . mine was a bacon cheeseburger , and it did n't have much bacon flavor or cheese flavor . the fries were fine , but no better than the typical burger take-out joint . ( one of the things that i like about sonic is that they have tater tots , which i like better than fries . ) so my verdict on freddy 's is `` nothing special . ''", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best service , best burger hands down . they just opened love this place . i got my food fast every one is on top of there game here . a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was soooooo excited when i saw they were converting the old long john silver 's into a freddy 's ! freddy 's has always been a treat for us on our road trips to utah and it has been so great having their delicious burgers and shakes here in the las vegas valley . the burgers and fries are always reliable and delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great . great service and food . i ca n't have their seasoning and i still enjoyed their burger . i ca n't say that about any restaurants burger . my friend enjoyed their hotdog served on texas toast . she was so happy she ordered food to take home to her family . i hope they get one open in my area soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fries here are to die for and the burgers definitely have a different taste and texture than you might find at another fast food type joint , but that 's the appeal and they are good ! always make sure to get the fry sauce , it 's perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drove by here everyday for a month while they were building this location never ate here before had to try it the burgers do n't dissapoint in the flavor dept i 'm a burger lover but the size is lacking so if u like a meaty burger dont get your hopes up a single steakburger is the equivalent to a mcdonald 's cheeseburger but the flavor is on point just wish i could say the same about the fries if your gon na go skinny fries offer regular fries as an alternative all in all i will be hitting this spot again to try the hot dogs and concretes", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just had the freddy 's steak burger and fries and the hawaiian delight sundae and it was the bomb . i am soo happy they are here in las vegas because the first time i ate this delicious burger was in roanoke virginia in 2015 attending my granddaughter 's graduation from college. , and i was telling her when she took us there that i wish we had one here in vegas . this is by far the best steak burger i ever had and being retired from truck driving i have had quite few in different cities . freddy , you have a customer for life . love you guys , love , lawana hilt p.s the fry sauce is way better than cane 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really meaty and juice burger . i 'd say it 's better than shake shack . lost a star because the fries suck since they are so thin . i prefer thicker fries that are n't like eating chips", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two people can eat for about $ 30 . that includes the desserts in a medium size . fries are really tasty , and are shoe string in size . burgers are ok , nothing too special . the custard is very tasty , and will visit often to try the different creations . they also have custard cakes available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "have driven out to henderson to enjoy freddy 's and have anxiously awaited one on our end of town . looked here on yelp and saw it finally opened today . the staff here are so friendly and helpful . i ordered my burger wrap style and kept adding items to my order . ( try the deep fried dill pickles ) the worker redid my order to make it a combo and save me $ $ . the food is great and the service is friendly . it 's worth the short wait for made to order eating . be sure to dust your fries with the seasoning ... .delish ! stop by , you 'll enjoy it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the most amazing food . high quality fresh made to order food . the customer service us amazing . they want us to have an amazing experience and go above and beyond to make that happen . they happily oblige special requests and thoughtfully cut my burger because they overheard me say i eat my burger 1 2 at a time . the only people that treat me better than the staff at freddys are my husband and my mom . i love you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! it 's a long drive out of my way but well worth it ! the customer service is out of this world dynamite ! the restaurant is very clean and the atmosphere is just great ! i have nothing but positive things to say ! highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this cafe is a winner for me in the summers because i love the patio . it makes for a great lazy weekday afternoon or morning , if you can spare it . i 've ordered ham and cheese panini , which was ok , although a bit bland . their arugula salad was nice and fresh . the cappuccino was actually quite good , better than most places can make them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice spot for a light lunch indoors or having a summer drink on their patio . had a grilled turkey panino with some extra avocado ( they make them at the start of the day , so not fresh to order - but still can make slight changes ) which came with a side salad . mixed greens , not much else - but the right mix of oil and vinegar . the sandwich was light , flavorful , and as satisfying as turkey with cranberry mayo can get ( pretty satisfying ) . the pizzas looked uninspiring and were around the 15 $ range . saw an impressive sized calzone being served - the fat fuck inside of me regretted not getting one of those . i think for the lunch crowd- this is a good alternative if the terroni up the street is busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "totally the worst first impression of a restaurant in toronto i 've ever had . i was waiting at the door for almost ten minutes and nobody greeted or asked if i needed anything . i was n't the only one either . another guy was standing behind me and kind of gave me a look like `` what the heck is going on , what are we supposed to be doing ? do we sit down ? are we supposed to wait here ? '' i 've been to numerous busy restaurants in toronto and new york , and none of them have made wait at the door for ten minutes without at least acknowledging the wait or taking my name down . i ended up leaving , walking north along yonge with my friend and found avant gout . unlike this establishment , someone had greeted us at the door and made sure to sit us down promptly with a fantastic brunch menu . thank you caffe doria . without you , i would n't have found such a gem . for that , i gave you one extra star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like this place for its patio , and it beats the starbucks patio . the food is good and i am always pleased with the selection . however , the service is always a turn off .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cozy and cute resto with very affordable prices ! i had the most delish pizza ever . of course , i can not remember the name ... .but , i can not forget the taste . thin crust pizza layered with caramelized onions , gorgonzola cheese , prosciutto , and honey . it sounds really sweet , so i was kind of afraid to try it . but , it was well worth the risk . all of the flavors complimented each other wonderfully . seriously - a must for anyone who loves creatively made pizzas ! yummmmmmm !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute little local `` cafe '' with some seriously good food . the thin crust margherita pizzas are divine . as are the soups like the lentil puree . the lasagna is so good my wife had me pick it up every night for a week straight . we do n't live around it anymore but go back often . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to love cafe doria but now under the new ownership and renamed doria it just does n't have it right . the salads are very small for a meal sized and when i asked to add chicken they gave fewer greens . the menu is extremely limited and the dessert selection too is much smaller . i am sad to see this ownership change . i was hoping for better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just had breakfast there this morning . this is my first review on yelp and unfortunately it 's a bad one . i 'll keep this brief : cons 1 . dead fly in my chickpea salad ( clearly they dont wash their greens - watch out if you dont care for e-coli ) 2 . uninspired bland food 3 . no apology or acknolwedgement or discount for the dead fly pro 1 . beautiful patio and location to admire well-heeled 50 something rosedale baby boomers plus a few trust fund babies ( if that 's your scene ) - which maybe explains the uninspried blandness of the food 2 . server was working as fast as he could and was friendly and nice ( for this reason we still left a tip - but he neglected to escalate the matter of the fly to his manager - or maybe he did , but she chose to disregard ) so likely never going back . but such a shame to waste such a prime and beautiful location on sub-standard service and food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is perfect . i do n't know how it got only 3stars . it 's a 5star all the way . either i go there for a coffee ( i mean a bowl of latte : ) or for a little sandwich , pizza or even breakfast , i am always always satisfied . the place is cozy and staff are nice . you feel that the owners love this place and you will love it too . the only low point is the short working hours . they close really early : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a nice little place to hang . but food and coffee are nothing too special . i like the atmosphere and lovely patio .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was alright , but the service was slow and the staff were cold .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "cappuccino was nice . no wow factor here . we had fun hanging out in the caffee and said that this would definitely be a place to come back to with our laptops when we are doing our trip planning to the balkans . http : stellarperspectives.wordpress.com 2013 09 01 spectacularly-simple-birthday", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good atmosphere and service . high prices and small portions ! 9 bucks for a small sandwich is pretty much . but the sandwich was great . coffee was good as well ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a very nice and charming local caffe with good espresso , and latte bowl and internet . a very nice patio where you can enjoy your coffee and read a book . i was hoping for a bigger selection of sweets , but overall it was a very nice spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went for coffee on a lovely monday morning to the cafe . i have to say that the coffee was delicious . i ordered the morning glory panini . big mistake ... i got a sandwich consisting of two multigrain slices of bread , toasted , no butter or any sort of spread , 4 slices of under ripe avocado and 3 slices of tomato . a small bowl of run of the mill fruit . all this for 9 $ . really ? i feel like they were making fun of the customer . i would recommend this place for a coffee but definitely not the food ( well the 9 dollar breakfast 'panini ' , anyways ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "doria is my `` go to '' place in rosedale for pizza or coffee and a dessert . there are fancier places nearby but doria is very comfortable , always cheerful and has a nice selection of thin crust pizzas and sandwiches , salads etc . coffee is the best in rosedale . nice patio on the roxborough west side . small but well thought out wine list . i live across the street and i come here often alone or with friends . always satisfies .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well , this place tasted as good as it looked when i walked by it . cute little outdoor seating around the corner and on the side street instead of yonge , great menu with sandwiches , thin crust pizza , and salads . my friend and i shared the mixed green , apple , walnut salad with goat cheese instead of gorgonzola and a pizza . more than enough to split . i took a peak at the table next to us and saw a very healthy looking bean salad ... .mmmmm ... beany . all that for table service and you can also grab it to go . they also have the typical stand with coffee and pastries . really great ambiance ... however ... looking at the wall trinkets , my friend realized it was n't so much french european cafe as swedish american chochkees from ikea and target . either way , it worked and music was great and on a nice day and a cool breeze it 's a perfect leisurely lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped by caffe doria to try their latte and i was underwhelmed by the quality of it . there was nothing special about it , it was flat and bitter even after 3 sugars . my nespresso makes better coffee at home . the pasty i had was quite good though . perhaps , other items on the menu are worth returning for , but i for sure would not go there if i 'm craving a cup of latte .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice but expensive and busy . upper class treat for your taste . hopefully the worst waiter ever left the place and now people are nicer even when they are busy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the friend and i went to caffe doria for lunch . i absolutely loved the sandwich i ordered . turkey + brie + cranberry mayonnaise + apple slices = love the salad that accompanied the sandwich was excellent as well . next , i 'll have to try their pizza !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a charming little spot with a fantastic patio . it has the feel of a cool brooklyn cafe . they offer an assortment of pizzas , sandwiches , soups and salads on top of a small breakfast menu . their espressos are decent and possess a great aroma and flavour . the food and service is lacking . there was a lady who kept coming around asking whether i had been helped but did nothing to fix things . their prices are too high and portions are tiny . i will say that their red velvet cake is pretty awesome . frankly , i think this is a much better cafe than restaurant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "moving here from arizona , i was used to everything in the health care industry being very commercialized and corporate . following a recommendation from a co-worker , i visited thomas standley 's office . after a third visit , i continue to be pleasantly surprised . standley is the archetypical `` small town '' doctor that you hear people talk about but may never actually find . he cultivates long term relationships with patients and employees , takes time to explain things patiently and in detail , is very reasonable , and is personally available after hours for urgent situations . everyone who works at the office is awesome , but the office is generally on a small town schedule . nevertheless it seems to work just fine , and what you get is worth the momentary waiting required from time to time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came to dr. standley for a 2nd opinion after being told i needed expensive gum treatment elsewhere . i had a wonderful experience here ... the nurse made no mention of expensive work , and said my gums look great . they also did a wonderful job cleaning my teeth . i enjoyed the experience so much i already scheduled my next appointment 6 months down the road . dr standley is also one of the nicest guys i 've ever met . he 's the type of person who will make you happier just by being around him . if i could give this place 6 stars , i would .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved dr.standley . i had a problem with one of my fillings in my molars and he repeatedly worked only at no cost until i was pain free . he was very nice and does not rush to get to the next patient . the staff are extremely nice and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ample parking , free water in the waiting area , friendly professional personable staff , quality dentistry , distracting decor ( good for those tough procedures ! ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to dr. standley mainly because he was covered by my insurance . i knew i was taking a gamble having heard nothing about him prior to going in , and i was glad to discover that my experience was very positive . i came to him after going to another dentist who told me i needed a lot of expensive work done , none of which i felt was necessary . i was pleased that dr. standley , after doing a thorough exam , did not agree with the other dentist 's diagnosis . i also like that the office is small and has a nice , cozy feel to it , rather than being like one of those `` chain dentists '' that are cold , and unfriendly . on the contrary , dr. standley and his staff are all very personable and provide excellent service . i 'm definitely going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my first cleaning with his office a few weeks back and they did an excellent job . during the cleaning they found a couple of small cavities which they could have filled on the spot . ( very convenient ) however i did have to work and it was n't possible that day . i went back and had them take care of the fillings a week later . they did an excellent job with numbing me before the fillings . i did n't feel a thing from start to finish . dr. standley took his time and made sure the fillings were perfectly shaped for my biting action . very friendly and efficient staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited dr. standley 's office today for the first time since my previous dentist is no longer practicing in town . i made my appointment a few weeks ago and the receptionist was very nice and helpful . she let me know what i needed to have sent over from my old dentist to expedite the process . i arrived about half an hour early to my appointment and the hygienist was ready for me within five minutes . my hygienist was very friendly and did a great job cleaning my teeth . dr. standley came in to check my x-rays and teeth , mentioned a few problem spots but nothing like the `` critical gum issues '' and the need for my wisdom teeth to come out like i had experienced at another dentist . overall , i like the atmosphere and the people in dr. standley 's office . i already scheduled my next visit for this fall !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is n't your state of the art dental facility like some of the practices ( or businesses the way they are now ) around town ( champaign dental group , etc.. ) . but this is not a practice that tries to push treatments and dental work that is not necessary on you . i was a happy patient for 5 years with no issues until i moved last year . i wish i can find a dental provider like dr. standley where i 'm living now . the receptionist is not the friendliest person you will meet . but i 'd rather put up with her and get an honest and great dental treatment rather than dealing with a bubbly fake receptionist that is looking to nickel and dime you for every possible product they have . if you care for you teeth and your wallet this is the place for you . however if you want to be pampered and you care more for the smiles and front office treatment ( to be pushed for more products and dental work than you actually need ) then look elsewhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here since 2009 from a friend 's recommendation . dr. standley 's bedside manner is the best . the staff are always super professional and friendly , as well . ca n't beat the free toothbrush and floss , either . too bad you ca n't bring your dentist with you when you move . i would if i could in a few years . in response to the reviewer about the bad receptionist , i 'm sorry you felt that way . i have only had great experiences . wonder what happened ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place totally rocks . please ask for krystle johnson . she does hair better than anyone i have ever met . you can take her a pic , and she can recreate that style better than anyone i have seen . she is amazing . cut , color , you name it . i have referred so many folks to her it is ridic ... .go see krystle . great prices , awesome personality , amazing little place . tell your friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had ciera as my hair stylist for my wedding ! the salon is fun and in such a great location . all the stylists are friendly . she is amazing and so attentive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw rheannan at salon intrigue and she is the best ! ! ! ! she was super friendly , gentle with my sensitive head , and clearly very knowledgable about hair . she took the time to understand exactly what i wanted before jumping in . she did a technique called hair painting . i love it because it looks super natural , like my hair is sun kissed . thank you rheannan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to see rheannan at salon intrigued . i went super blonde and my hair was n't compromised because of the olaplax treatment . i also got extensions in which i absolutely love . i overheard the stylists planning the next class they wanted to attend . it made me happy to hear that they are always trying to learn even though they already seem so knowledgable . i will definitely be coming back to see rheannan , she is awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walmart is pretty well known for having horrible customer service but this location seems to be the best at their reputation . the express line always has only one cashier completely defeating the purpose of convenience . there is always a minimum of 5 managers standing around chatting despite customer complaints . on my most recent visit i was looking for a certain item ( microfiber slippers ) and asked a manager to point me in the right direction ... she sent me to an aisle of frozen pizzas . i went to customer service and was told i was sent to the right aisle and the manager would not bring me the item and i had to meet her at aisle 12 . upon arriving at a different aisle then she originally told me there was no associate in sight.. avoid this location ! ! ! i hate everything about it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i usually go to walmart weekly for groceries , i am thankful for this location however i have to say the customer service is highly lacking which is why i am giving it 3 stars . there is a tim hortons and mcdonalds inside which is very convenient . this walmart carries the same groceries as any other location , it is usually neat and clean in there and gets pretty busy on weekends .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's walmart , no cashiers long lines to look busy but this one is cleaner then most .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome service ! i was initially nervous at using this type if service . one because of letting a virtual stranger on my house and two the stress of putting my pup in that same persons care ! but my worries proved to be unfounded . the set up process was easy and convenient . i picked the times i needed and paid online . paul my sitter did a check in was a sweetheart and took note of all the things that were important so my pup would get equivalent care . i got check ins letting me know all that was going on during my absence . i came home to my pup being just how i left him..happy , fed , exercised , and cared for ! i will definitely use this service again if the need arises !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough about these guys ! everything about lfps is perfect in our view . from being able to pay using paypal , to being able to drop off and pick up our keys whenever is convenient to us , everything just works . we have a big , tough looking german shepherd lab mix , who at 100lbs can be more than a handful . he is a lover , but he 's not above getting angry , so we 're always a little worried when we leave . but lfps are great about coming by ahead of time to make sure the pets are comfortable with them , which always leaves us with a better feeling . they also send texts every time that they come by , so it 's nice to know that everything is going well . definitely recommend them over a kennel , as long as the idea of someone creeping around your pad when you 're away is n't too scary !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have used tham a lot and they have never disappointed ! they take care of our deaf puppy , a big mutt dog , a bunny rabbit and 2 chickens for us . they text us to tell us how everyone is doing and leave a lenghty note after each visit . they also water plants and get our mail ! we have been thrilled with little friends ! they called this morning to tell us one of our chickens was missing ( she was n't , just has switched coops ) . i appreciate their thoroughness and the attention they lavish on our pets . much less expensive than boarding , much happier animals , too ! they also have been wonderful at helping us `` last minute '' because , fortunately or unfortunately , that is how we roll sometimes ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just recently moved to charlotte and was a little nervous about finding a new pet sitter to look after my cats when i travel . i found little friends online , gave them a call , and they could not have been nicer and more reassuring . the initial set up online takes a few minutes but allows you to book your pet sitting visits very easily once your account is set up . i really liked my sitter , elaine . she checked on my cats several times while i was out of town . in addition to cleaning the litter box , feeding , and watering the cats as i expected , she also took out the garbage for me and brought in my mail . after each visit , i got a text message telling me she had been by and everything was good . overall , best pet sitter i have ever used . i will definitely be using little friends agains !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so we just got back from an overnight stay with friends and have to say we are totally stoked about the care from michelle fro little friends . we 're 3 months new to charlotte and thanks to the reviews and a phone call to lfps , we scheduled an evening and early morning feeding for my two cats . one of my cats is a lil timid , anxious , and will hide from strangers . michelle was not only able to keep her ( the cat ) from running , she got her to eat and be petted ... and sent pics via text keeping me informed when she visited . they were very flexible with the timing as we had to reschedule the overnight the night before and she completely helped and worked with us . when we got back we got a pet report of each cat and their feeding as well as bringing in the mail and packages for us . completely thoughtful . lfps is definitely our sitter and i will be asking for michelle to be the cats new friend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what an incredible experience ! if you are looking for a pet sitting service please give these guys a try ! this company starts and finishes the job in the most professional and comforting way . our sitter was julie w. she was excellent ! ! from the first meet and greet , to the sweet words on the report card . we truly feel our 2 pups were cared for as good , if not better than us . we look forward to calling little friends pet setting again ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first experience with an in home pet sitting service . i will definitely be using them again . andrea was amazing and sent me pictures the entire time i was gone . my dog usually skips a meal or two when she 's boarded or with a friend . this time , she ate the entire time . leaving and coming back was an easy transition . the free in home consultation was great . i got to point out all the intricacies . i was impressed with andrea having already reviewed our profile . she followed along with the home tour like she 'd already been there and even asked questions i forgot to specify . definitely will be using for my trips out of town and even just day visits , if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "little friends has provided pet-sitting services to our cat , penelope , a few times now . their rates are great and the service is phenomenal . i love being able to meet the sitter prior to the appointment , and the text messages and report cards from the appointment ( s ) are a really nice touch . penelope is happy that she gets to stay at home , and we 're happy to have somebody looking after her while we 're away . we 'll continue to use little friends for all of our vacations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i use their `` mid-day dog walk '' service fairly often , and i have had nothing but great experiences . my sitter has always been margaret . she is trustworthy , reliable , and almost always sends a picture of my pup at the end of their visit . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ! we have only used them twice ( because we 've only been out of town twice ) . i would n't hesitate for a second to call them again . the 1st time things were scheduled ; our sitter came to the house to meet our cats and us . i felt very comfortable . while i was away she sent me a text message to say all was ok and when i got home there was a daily log . the 2nd time we needed them- it was very last minute . they totally accommodated us and went in to take care of our kitties again . they definitely went above and beyond .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so glad we found little pet friends ! started using them a few years ago for our two dogs instead of dealing with dog boarding and it has been a great experience . once you set everything up online , you meet your sitter , share your keys and can request any amount length of services you need to take care of your pets in your absence . not only can you leave your pets in the safety and security of your own home , the fees are very reasonable and we get instant texts emails and reports from our sitters after each visit . setting up appointments online is extremely convenient - lucky to have found this service and we are happy customers for years now : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used lf to watch my diabetic cat while i went on a company trip to cancun and the service was exceptional ! i was initially worried after my cat had a severe diabetic episode last year ( my friend was watching him ) but lf and my sitter were very professional and loving . she came over several times to practice the shots and fell in love with my cat and kept me up to date while i was gone . i 'm very glad lf provides injection service as a similar company in charlotte has stopped . highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "little friends pet sitting is great ! i 've never used a pet sitting agency before , but will definitely continue to use them now . the staff was friendly and answered all of my questions when i called . michelle was assigned to watch my cats and she reached out to me the same day to set up a meeting . she took the time to learn my cat 's routines and asked questions about what they like , etc . she texted me every day i was gone and told me what happened that day and even sent pictures ! i will no longer hassle my family and neighbors to come by and check on my pets . little friends is super affordable and i feel very comfortable with them . i feel like michelle treats my cats as if they were her own and that 's priceless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been using little friends for about a year now ! they provide great service . we have had several different sitters , but all have been very good . we have a diabetic cat who requires insulin shots twice a day at regular times . our sitters are always on time and ensure he gets his meds as needed . the sitters text us each time they visit to let us know everything is ok and often send pictures . we also occasionally use the overnight sitting service when we are gone for longer durations . the sitters take good care of our animals and our house while they are here . once we even forgot to arrange for care in advance of a trip and at the last minute , little friends was still able to come to our rescue and take care of the pets ! i highly recommend this service if you need pet care at any time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i first moved to charlotte i had a horrible experience with my first pet sitter . i finally found one i liked in ballantyne and when i moved to steele creek found out they did n't service the area . i was so afraid of picking one that was terrible again so i went on yelp and did some research . i ended up going with little friends pet sitting and i am very happy with this choice ! i received a text after each visit and a summary sheet when i got home . i even had a neighbor compliment to me about my pet sitter on how well she did with my dog who is quite large and not the best walker . very thankful since i travel a lot for work that i found a reliable company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a fan ! kenzie does an excellent job taking care of my little girl and it is very helpful for a busy working mom to know i can depend on her weekly for help ! if anyone needs help with a pet ( or other chores ) at home , little friends pet sitting is dependable !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been very pleased so far with little friends . my dog bartley gets a lunchtime potty break 3 times a week with mark . mark has been great with providing updates and reports about bartley 's walk . it feels good to know that while i am at work my baby gets to get some energy out ! thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've used little friends pet sitting services for three separate one-week appointments . stating simply ; they are fantastic . they take great care of my furry friend . in addition , the booking process is automated and easy to use . i 'd highly recommend this organization if you 're looking for a quality pet sitter in the charlotte area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in some cases what you see online is not what you get , i will not be going back . jennifer she was great , lauren was ok , the other lady did n't even bother to give me her name she was racist , she was rude , she was so disrespectful , there was no energy given , very dry , someone i would not leave in the same chamber as my little darlings . i do n't even want to deal with this company ever again . left a bad taste in my mouth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used little friends pet sitting for my two cats while i was away for the week . they were well taken care of and i loved receiving the texts daily about how they were doing . i came home to find everything the way that i would have expected and to two happy cats . i will continue to use their cat sitting services in the future because i know that i do n't have to worry about whether or not my animals are in good hands", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to the area and needed a dog walker for long work days . little friends provided the flexibility with appointments and scheduling that i like on their website . the interview with my walker michelle went very well and i feel confident about her services . i do n't need to worry about my dog while i 'm busy at work , i know he 's well taken care of . the text message follow up and written reports are nice . it would be good if they sent a picture message of my dog as my previous walker in my old town did that and it was a nice touch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using little friends pet sitting for about a year now and they have been wonderful to work with . bill comes and takes my two dogs for a walk while i am at work . they are always very happy to see him . he leaves me notes regarding each walk they take and sends me a text to assure me that the pups are fine . bill recently came to my house a few times a day while i was out of town and it was nice to know that my dogs where in good hands . i would highly recommend little friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't rave enough about little friends . while visiting the west coast last week i found out that my dog sitter canceled on me ( yeah no prior heads up ) so i took to google and found little friends ... they were sooo helpful and understood my worries and fears of my dogs being abandoned . with in 5 minutes of me calling them and letting them know what happened they called me back and told me they had erika t who could go out and take care of them ... with in the hour it seemed she was there . now i wo n't lie ... i was a little worried because i had never met her but i ca n't say anything bad ... she was amazing ! ! she sent me pictures and texts and even left me a note on how they were ! it truly made me able to enjoy the rest of my trip knowing they were in good hands .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "little friends has been an amazing company . they give me the option of having my kitty stay in the environment he is most comfortable instead of having to board him . every sitter i have had has shown up at the requested time and treated my kitty like a king . i love that i get pictures of his cute face while i 'm away . they are also happy to take car of any other things you need , like water plants . i hate leaving my little guy but i feel much better knowing that a little friend is caring for him !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been using little friends pet siting for about one month now and have been very pleased . i have two large dogs and have used little friends services for mid day walks . the sitters are very diligent letting me know via text when they arrive and leave from my home as well as provide a detailed report for each visit . i regularly receive pictures via text and it is comforting to know and see that the pups are happy and well cared for . i have also received a few calls from the owner who has followed up to ensure they are meeting my expectations . i would absolutely recommend little friends pet sitting for your babies ' needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer c. has watched my cats during all my work trips and no words can explain how amazing she is with my fur babies but also letting me know how they are doing while i am away . i get numerous text messages and pictures letting me know how they are doing while i am gone . i come home to happy pets and even clean floors since she vacuums the litter too ! she has also been so accommodating with all my moves . i have tried several pet sitters and little friends is by far the best and with a great price tag . i highly recommend little friends and especially jennifer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are just the best . i use them on vacations and emergencies and they have been caring and accomodating the whole way through for my cat . my cat needs daily medicine and she 's not the nicest , but they are always so good with her . i love that you get text messages with pictures and updates , and a log . plus , they go above and beyond my requests every time . it 's such a relief to have their reliable service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been using little friends since moving to charlotte almost 2 years ago . we travel a lot and it gives us a great comfort to have someone come to our house everyday and check in our 2 cats while we 're gone . yes , we have a sitter come in everyday just for cats , but their pricing is fair enough that it 's possible . they also offer many other services like bringing in mail and watering plants for long trips if needed . they have been very flexible with unexpected trips and last minute schedule changes and i ca n't thank them enough for their help with our cats in a new city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was looking for a dog sitter a few days before being out of town for a long weekend and little friends worked out perfectly . got everything setup online , had the sitter come over to meet the dogs , and all was set in the matter of a couple days . received updates for each visit while gone and felt comfortable with the service . would recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely awesome - as good as it gets . for one , they check in with you every day ( unobtrusively - i got a text ) to let you know how your furry friend is doing . i have a `` very shy and difficult to get to know '' cat and by the end of the week she was being pet and brushed by the fabulous maria ! such a relief . she truly looked so well cared for when i got home and i could tell she had gotten lots of love . they also gave me a day by day summary which is something no company has ever done before . i highly recommend little friends pet sitting - they are amazing ! i 'm happy that they also offer a lockout service ( but hope i never need it ) - i much prefer that to giving a neighbor a key since we just moved here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am happy to have found a pet sitter who will come to my house and tend to my cats ' needs and just thrilled with the prices and service . not only do my cats get to stay in the comfort of their own home , they get wonderful care which includes dispensing medications . i entrusted little friends pet sitting to care for my cats for ten days over the thanksgiving holiday and was extremely satisfied , from the peace of mind knowing the water and food were full , litter was clean , and the medications were being given . elaine even washed a blanket for us that was thrown up on . i just scheduled my second and third pet sitting appointments !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our experience with little friends has been outstanding thus far . we 've been using little friends for the past 6 months and we 've had about 7-8 sitting experiences . we have 2 cats , one requiring shots for diabetes and overnight stays . little friends has provided 2 excellent sitters who take care of everything . the communications from the company via phone , email , and text is excellent . we 're able to line up appointments online , which are confirmed quickly . payments are set up via credit card ( also easy ) . our favorite feature is the sitter will communicate with you via text while you 're away , and they leave a detailed log of what they did while you were gone . excellent service my wife and i would recommend to anyone with pets . we plan to continue using them well into the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ... is really all i can say . they took the very best care of crush jackson . they made my 6mon stay in charlotte so amazing that i could work hard knowing my pup was very well cared for . so attentive , supportive and helpful in a last minuet situation . the staff amazing and every sitter i and cush jackson love . would take them every place we go if we could and ca n't wait to be back in charlotte to use them again . the very best pet sit ever ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used little friends pet sitting a handful of times now and i have never been happier . my sitter takes great care of my dog , keeps me updated during her visits , and is flexible in coming at specific times when asked . i will definitely continue using their services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tracy is awesome ! she takes good care of my babies when i go on trips ! they even know who she is out in the real world when we happen to bump into her ! she 's not even afraid of my 100 # guy which usually has most people intimidated . i would highly recommend them esp if your pets would rather stay home than go to a cramped germ infested boarding facility !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "little friends pet sitting has far exceeded my expectations . when bailey did not make a good connection with the first pet walker that came out , beth immediately took on the challenge . bailey warmed up to beth immediately and is excited for beth to come again . beth called me , texted me , and left a detailed report so i know bailey was in good hands . this is a service i will definitely be using a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough about little friends . first , online scheduling and payment makes getting a sitter super easy and the appointment is usually confirmed within the hour . my sitters , mary and lori are amazing with my spoiled rotten pit bull . i know they give her lots of love and belly rubs when we are gone . she loves them and they love her . it makes me so happy to get texts and photos with each visit . it puts my mind at ease because i usually worry when i go out of town without my pup . i would highly recommend little friends over boarding my pet any day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unless you know of a specific massage therapist that has a good reputation with her his work , it 's really hit or miss . i 've given 3 people gift cards here and they got seen by random employees , and every time i heard `` she could 've definitely put more pressure . '' are the females here just weak ? i like the ambiance of the place ... very clean and calming . but that 's obviously not what makes people go in the first place . what makes them go is the potential for a good massage , and they just have n't delivered that so far .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was a member for two years but the lack of customer service finally got to me . if you go do n't be surprised if they loose your appointment an then offer to reschedule ( what a joke ) and then hang up on you - seems like the motto for this location is `` it was n't my fault , talk to my manager ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i originally went to massage envy for my migraines . my very first massage the lady completely pressured me into doing the membership . so of course , i did . well the membership is $ 60 a month for 1 massage per month not including tip . the massage itself is only 50 mins ( which was never explained to me ) and the contract is 12 months ! ! the lady who signed me up said i could cancel at any time ( which was also falsely explained to me ) . so now i 'm stuck in this year long membership that i can not afford to pay . the massages are decent . definitely not worth $ 70- $ 80 ! ! ! the assistant manager mara was very apologetic and helpful about my situation & informed me that the lady who signed me up is no longer there ( thank god ) . over all my experience here is very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my technician talked the entire time about her baby daddy and all her issues . not very happy with the service . will never go back !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "60 minute facial , more like 40 minutes . the esthetician would talk about each product she was using . kept turning on the faucet to rinse her hands , heard all the pumps and clicks of the bottles . i barely even felt her touching my face , i get it 's a facial , yet there should still be pressure applied . during the mask portion , about 10 min , she told me she was filling out my paperwork . should n't you be massaging the arms and hands , 5 min each side . i mean beauty school students do a better job from the one i just had . very disappointing . instead of leaving calm and relaxed , i left with a bigger headache and irritation . the only reason i went in was because of a gc i got . not even worth it to use the rest of it . money wasted .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "being a member , i have taken the advantage of going to different locations . i recently moved into the area and decided to try this location out . this is the third massage envy i have visited . when i arrived for my massage appointment , the lady at the counter had me fill out a paperwork form because it was my first time at this location . afterwards she tells me that my therapist will be right with me . being a member , i was n't even invited into the relaxation room ! i sat there patiently until my therapist came and got me . after my massage the lady at the front counter tells me my total , not looking or seeing that i have a couple monthly rollover sessions available . i should n't have to remind the workers that i am a member", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst massage ever ! ! ! ! it was n't relaxing at all . my therapist did not listen to my needs ; she pretty much did her own thing . the therapist talked a lot during massage ; i 'm not here to listen to your bull shits ! ! ! ! she was a sales person not a therapist ! ! ! she was trying to tell me that i need massage every week for my back pain and i have a scoliosis ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! are you a doctor ? ! ! ? ! ? ! ? ! who are you to diagnose me with scoliosis ! ! ! ! ! $ 20 foot massages are much better than this place or at least that person ! ! ! ! ! ! ! stay away from this place ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just moved to the area last month , and since i 've been a member of massage envy for over a year , i checked to find the local clinic . the arrowhead clinic was listed as being the closest , so i signed up for an appointment . i have chronic muscle pain and tension in my neck and shoulders due to some underlying medical issues that i have , so massage is an essential part of my wellness routine . i have to say , i got the best massage i 've ever had today . alana has magic hands . she found the exact spots that were causing my pain and worked them out . she communicated with me every step of the way . i came in extremely stressed due to something that had happened on my way over , and she listened to me and let me talk it out . when i left , i was like a new person . i 'll definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't believe the women here are weak . i have been to bernadette and lucinda and both women are amazing massage therapist . i use to manage spas , so i have had lots of massages in the past . these women are two of the best massage therapist i 've encountered . and ... .. they always ask about pressure during the massage . sometimes they do n't even need to ask because they can tell how my body reacts . definitely would recommend booking an appt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a membership about five+ years ago for my disabled daughter . she had the same therapist each time ... elizabeth . elizabeth is great and attended to my daughters unique needs . no complaints there . but ... .apparently there is a rule in the fine print that was not verbally told to us . if you accrue several massages , then decide to stop the membership , they will not allow you to use the massages you already paid for . in our case it was over $ 300 worth . they accrued after my daughters shoulder replacement . they did freeze the account for six months , but with a year of rehab , more massages accrued . after frustrating negotiation , we ended up working it out with me using up some of the massages and they waived the last few months of membership payments so we could catch up and quit . there is a class act lawsuit against this franchise for just this situation . we received a letter concerning the issue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have always been skeptical of massage envy . however , today i tried it out . i 'm 7 months pregnant and could n't take the back and leg pain anymore . they were very professional and knowledgeable . i was very pleased with the service . the only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is their membership program . it does not make sense to me to pay 50 a month for a `` free '' massage and discounts . i do n't agree with the business plan behind this scheme . that does not have anything to do with the people that work there though and i did enjoy the service . if they ever revamp the `` program '' i may decide to return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my first visit to massage envy thanks to my lovely friend who treated me to a massage for my birthday . unfortunately , it was not a good experience at all . immediately after getting situated on the massage table , the therapist began talking about memberships and purchases and continued to do so for the entire hour appointment . not only was it annoying , but it was stressful and not relaxing to hear about this even after i had told her that i have terrible anxiety and was just wanting to relax . she gave me a great massage , but ultimately my experience was ruined because she literally would not stop talking the entire time . i understand it 's probably protocol for employees to push memberships , but maybe that should have been done after the massage , not during . my experience was so terrible i will not be returning here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got my first message in years here and it was fantastic ! michael worked on my back and he 's amazing ! very professioal and listened to my concerns . i was able to ask him to lighten up on the pressure during the message when he was focusing on certain areas . my back feels great and i 'll definitely be back . the place is super clean and the rooms are very peaceful . the front desk staff was very professional and polite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gloria was amazing . did n't talk my ear off and the pressure was perfect . i 'll definitely be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best facial ever by jessica ! i had the 90 minute vitamin c variety and it truly was relaxing and worth every penny . jessica is knowledgeable about what she does , personable and friendly and i ca n't wait to go back . the only negative thing i have to say is that i wish it really was 90 full minutes - more like 75 , but still amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "difficult to book a massage 24 hours in advance . very annoying when they are trying to sell a facial when you want a massage . 'our 60 minute and 90 minute massages are booked for tomorrow , how about a facial. ' if i want a facial i will call and book a facial !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so relaxed . i 've been to five star spas . i 've had facials & massages on elegant cruise ships . nothing beats the vitamin c facial i just received from ashley . the only tiny tiny complaint is that the front desk girls were so loud . also , i wish the waiting lobby was more tranquil . the massage on my scalp hands & arms were captivating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place never disappoints the service that they give since i joined them last year . today i had a 90 minute session with a therapist who i think has really good tattoos . i think her name was trish . she was very friendly , kind , and caring . right away she wanted to know what was wrong so i told her that my lower back and right foot were bugging me . she applied deep pressure and was very phenomenal with her skills . her hands felt like angel hands and she kept everything on point . from now on i think i will only request her to be my therapist . i dont really like to jump from therapist to another but she works absolutely better than my last one . 100 thumbs up for this lady for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time at massage envy and it beat all expectations . the girls at the front desk are incredibly sweet and helpful . my massage was with nancy and she was amazing . she really took the time to get to know my needs and communicated great . she was awesome , excited for my next visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was given a membership as a christmas present , and went to this location as its close to me . i 've had 2 massages by vale ' , and a chemical peel with ana . my experiences were relaxing and enjoyable and i would recommend both for their skills . thank you , vale ' and ana !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a few hit and miss therapists . i 'm a stickler about time some are better than others on that too . johnson is awesome tho . definitely go for the hour and half . facials here are good too . really like murad essential c", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had my first experience yesterday at massage envy arrowhead . my massage therapist lisa was excellent ! i upgraded to a 90 minute and i enjoyed every minute of it . my back was all messed up from pregnancy , and now carrying a baby and being hunched over all the time . i was sore afterwards ( a good kind of sore ) and i already feel 100 times better ! the front desk girls were sweet . nothing over the top , but they were nice . i will 100 % be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had a few facials done by alani , one of the estheticians at this massage envy . each time she does a wonderful job . she is knowledgeable about skin and which products to use on my skin for my particular aging-skin problems . i highly recommend her for facials .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to this massage envy and i love it . i get their hot stone massage almost every time . my therapists name is lucinda and she is great . i 'm told she is know for `` deep tissue '' work . but i requested that she use firm pressure on me instead and she actually listened ! ! i love her massages . she is great and so is the friendliness of the staff . i was even talked into a facial and it was amazing . the woman who did my facial was named yvette and she was amazing . i was so relaxed i fell asleep twice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a member of me for two years and been to a few locations around the valley and have been to at least ten different therapists before i finally found the best , angela ! she works at this location and gives the best deep tissue massage i 've ever had . i see her one a month for 90 minutes , but have to book a ways out , for she books up quick ! try her out if you 're looking for a deep tissue . other than her , this location is so-so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spa is so relaxing and peaceful as soon as you check in . the masseuses do a wonderful job . facials are great too - i felt 10 years younger ! great way to ease away stress and look better at the same time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was here staying with my gf from ca , so did n't have my tools or scanner , etc . their staff helped me scan the codes and figure out what was up with my gf 's car . i got a little tool kit and the parts , etc and now the thing runs perfect . thanks again guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in to get a battery test and replacement on my car and was very pleased with my experience . a knowledgeable guy named joshua helped us and took care of the test , battery purchase , and installation in less that ten minutes ! was extremely helpful and even offered to check up on other things due to the problems i 'd been having with the car . really appreciated all his help and would definitely return again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful experience , employees are lacking in customer service and genuine human decency . full of complaints about changing a faulty battery that was bought new that same week and covered under warranty . do your jobs without the shitty attitudes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this store is fairly organized and you can basically find anything you need almost by yourself . even if you are car illiterate they have manuals out to browse through to help you find the item you need . the employees in here appear to be on autopilot which is n't always that much fun . they were monotone and glassy eyed and just going through the motions until their shift was over . in here , you can be part of a basic social experiment . by this i mean watch where the line forms and i bet you 'll just stand there like i did . i did n't read the sign at the beginning of the line . if i had , i would n't have stood there for ten minutes in the wrong line to pay ( i was in the parts line ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my office 's loyal portuguese janitor recommended me l'etoile back in 2007 , yet it took me almost three years to get up and arrange to go there with a friend . on a tuesday night , the restaurant was dead . i was surprised , particularly considering i ate remarkably well . i followed the advice and ordered the seafood `` cataplanca '' and it is worth every penny . my friend ate the portuguese steak and was very satisfied , so their meat dishes must be worth another visit . the service is very polite , portions are generous and the seafood cataplana is great . as their menu is very extensive , i 'd imagine all tastes except vegetarians catered for . i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an anniversary party here as soon as we approached the restaurant it had graffiti on it i got a bad impression but it was not as bad inside traditional portuguese decor with a feeling of a traditional european feeling the food was average homemade style the service was excellence", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent venue , food , entertainment and service . last minute reservation for 12 was executed flawlessly . if portuguese delights is what you want this is the place . will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un bon resto traditionnel portugais qui ne fait pas que servir , comme son nom l'indique , que du poulet . un bel endroit pour d\u00e9couvrir d'autres classiques du portugal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not what i was expecting . i , like so many others usually avoid , at all cost visiting the department of motor vehicle . the room is usually packed and i know i am in for a very long wait . today i had to go to the mvd . even though the room was packed and seating was limited i was in and out within 20 minutes . i could n't believe it . i was antispating my usually hour+ wait however , to my surprise i was in and out in no time . i 'm not sure if i was just lucky . either way i think this will be the mvd station i will go to in the future .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had to think about it , could i possibly be `` a fan '' of a dmv mvd location ? well , maybe not `` raving '' , but after 4 separate occasions to visit this location over the past couple of years - yes . the place is clean , the interior and exterior even attractive , and on all four visits every single person that i had to deal with was courteous and competent . i had to make one return trip for lack of documentation , but the fault on that was mine . of the four occasions , the worst wait , having wandered in in the middle of a week day afternoon , was 90 minutes . frankly , considering the pay and unpaid furlough days and the unending stream of public customers , at best unenthused to be there , and many at far less than their best , i was rather favorably impressed . your experience of course may vary , but as for me for now , my compliments .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "slow , unorganized and filled to the brim with crazy people . i prefer to do everything through the service arizona website but recently got a letter that i needed to get a new license because my picture was going to expire . it makes total sense that my license is valid until i 'm 65 but the picture expires after 11 years . of course , the state charges a nominal fee of $ 12 to replace it . if the state of az was in need of my money i 'd gladly just give it to them if it means avoiding this nightmare . oh , and the camera is set to fat ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we all know you 're going to hate paying this place a visit , but it 's a matter of how painful it is compared to the others . here , the seating is sparse , but they get you in and out pretty quick . i had a new license in 90 minutes . other places may take four hours for the same . it was super cool that everyone was nice , and none of the staff looked ready to go postal . even the people were pleasant and patient . do n't get me wrong , i refuse to say any aspect of this place is enjoyable ... but you can do worse . lots worse .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked in and 45 minutes later walked out with a brand new arizona drivers license . in california this would have taken 5 hours without an appointment and 2 1 2 with one . people who complain about the dmv clearly either have n't been in a while or have never experienced the hell of other states . great job arizona - one of the few government services you get right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came with my brother to the dmv today and standing in line i have seen four people in font of us using the eye test machine and not one employee cleaned it down before the next person used it , hey have to place their face inside and it is covered with oils and makeup . highly unsanitary for our dmv to do this and keep putting people at risk for any germs or worse , something needs to be done about this eye test here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to do my drivers license there . walked in at 11 was done with all the tests by 3.30..took forever . they will send you back to the line multiple times and people who have an appointment go in front of you . people working there were mostly friendly . make sure you have an appointment ! otherwise you will end up waiting for hours . also , it is better to go at 2-3 in the afternoon as there was less people at that time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "another really good experience at this location for motor vehicles division . i went first thing this morning when they opened . the wait was a breeze . i did n't mind having to wait if i did . i tend to go when i am not pressed for time and i can study . front desk ladies were very pleasant . a very special thank you to supervisor : krag who helped me with a mix up today and was able to reimburse me for a transaction that mistakenly took place . dmv california was the main problem of trying to get my plates switched to az . krag was extremely helpful and went beyond my expectations . he helped in resolving an issue quickly and smoothly . also patrica who helped finish my needs was excellent too . both were joyful and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is horrible ! ! went in for a level 3 inspection got there at 8am did n't get done till 5:20pm ! so slow and rude they do n't care about any of there costumers ! ( btw they had to tell at least 5 people who got there the same time , they had to come back tomorrow ) all the officers do is talk to each other barley work at all , just talk to one another and take there sweet time with the people who have been waiting all day ! ! never will be there again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "3 forms of id to get a license ? sigh . guess i 'll head back again next week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took my aunt here ( surprise ) . i was getting some paperwork done . they lined us up in the chairs like kindergarten while waiting for service since the number-calling machine was out of service . barked at my aunt twice for not 'sitting in the right seat ' . she 's older and does n't hear well . sure glad it was n't her getting documents because she was n't well treated . really is your seating system more important than a disabled old lady ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has to be the slowest with the rudest people working here in arizona . everytime i come here the computers always go down and backs everything up by atleast an hour more . i think on their application it has a box that you have to check to make sure you are unfriendly and hate working with the public . i will be driving 35 minutes out of my way from now on to go to the one on bell and close to grand this place sucks the life out of you with all it 's negative energy . this place should just be shit down none of the employees wan na be here anyway it 's totally written on their faces .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's a prime example of a poorly run government agency . never understand why the expectation of service has to be so low ! my solution , privatize the whole thing , make it for profit and watch customer service improve !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in on a monday afternoon at around 130 thinking the place would be dead . no dice . it was the busiest i 've ever seen it , i 'm talking standing room only . thats when i relized that it was the 15th ( registraton renewal day ) fortunately the staff was prepared and i was out in about an hour and 20 minutes . i was there to get my name changed on my license , the process was quick and easy fill out a form get my picture taken then sit down and wait to be called . the only drawback of this location is the caliber of people you are surronded by.lots of screaming kids and people who apparently do n't know what a shower is . parking can also be difficult when the place is so busy , but there is a building next door ( on the south side ) that has uncovered parking spaces that you can use .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a dmv people , what else do you expect . the service is usually slow , rude and short in these places . this is my first experience in an az dmv though and although i had to sit there and wait for my number to be called , the service i received was very pleasant and quick . thank goodness i do n't have to be back for another year though as those seats are not very comfortable . they did spell my fianc\u00e9s name wrong on his license so he has to go back . hahahah", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why always such a long wait ... ? ? ? and if waiting is forever long , why install those most uncomfortable park bench ... staffs are awful & unhelpful & slow ... really ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this has been the fastest experience i have ever had in my life ! it has literally taken 10 minutes ( i also filled out the application online and came in with the barcode ) . myra was so extra helpful and a delight to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhh , the dmv . the thought of going , ugh , what a pain ... all i picture and expect is a crazy crowded room and waiting so long that you can watch mens beards grow . crazy that i think that way because i never have had that experience in my while life i think . today i came in , long line for info desk-moved super quick , i was directed to wait in a particular area and the girl who took care of me , after a less than 10 minute wait , was pleasant , efficient and an absolute pleasure to deal with ! i 've been to this location twice and 2 others in phx-this one is really great . hope i 'm not jinxing myself for the future ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lessons i 've learned from going to the mvd . 1 . no matter how early you arrive , there will already be a line waiting when you get here . 2 . i truly believe that there are people paid by the department to be in line before you get here . 3 . they accept cards for payments . 4 . their online waiting times feature is a lie . 5 . there is hardly any parking here so be prepared to circle the lot several times . 6 . it is mandatory for at least one child to scream in here while you are waiting .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the line begins to form before 7am . the doors open at 8 . is this a motley crue concert or the dmv ? imagine the slowest most agonizing death possible . add to that scene giggling teenagers and zombie-like civil servants and the waiting for your number to be called as if you 're at the deli at fry 's . all that 's between you and waiting another 2 hours is a tiny slip of paper with a letter followed by three numbers . `` our computer is down , we ca n't print out your license so you 'll have to visit another location '' -next location @ 26th ave & the 101- `` our computer is down , we ca n't ... '' pfffft !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when it comes to a motor vehicle department , this location is actually not all that bad . service is decent and wait time is expected but not exaggerated . i 've been here 3 times , average wait is 1 hour . shortest 30 minutes , longest 1.5 hours . they have enough seating to accommodate the capacity of people coming in and out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not even remotely ok. how can so may staffers congregate at a cubical for over an hour ? the place is n't nearly as busy as most dmv 's here are and still it 's 3+ hours . this is insanity .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the az dmv in glendale is the absolute worst i'v e experienced in my life . i think it is a requirement that you be rude and impolite to work there . they do their absolute best in making your time there difficult , time wasting and most inefficient . i can honestly say that i will never buy or sell another car here in az all because of them . they give you only the basic information causing you to have to make repeated visits to do a very mundane thing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are sweet to the workers here , they are sweet with you . my experience here is always above and beyond . be nice and courteous and realize that they interface with hundreds of people a day . they can use a kind word to motivate them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location is tragically slow . i would not be surprised if they lack a full work force to accommodate all customers . the employees seem tightly wound & lack interpersonal communication skills . an instructor employee in particular , `` cindy '' was especially rude & aggressive . this imp seriously needs a reprimand . i approached a supervisor concerning this disturbing behavior but she seemed uninterested in assisting . :", "score": "2"}
{"review": "unfriendly . dirty , dark , old seats , the bathrooms are disgusting , it 's just bad here . the wait was around 90 minutes for a new drivers license . yikes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have come here twice , and both times i waited over three hours . i wad taking a motorcycle skills exam and the people i spoke with were rude and very unorganized . i was barked at several times for not standing in the correct position . avoid this location if possible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "seriously hate this place . went to get my id in october . paid for it and got my temp , but never received the hard copy . i have n't actually needed it until today and i realized i still did n't have it . called them and was informed that it was returned undeliverable ( should n't have been ) and that they destroyed it in dec. no phone call or anything in the mail saying they had it . and now i have to pay for a new one ? no . the lady on the phone was horrible and rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is awesome worth the drive . walked right in no problem wait was minimal . second time here first time we had a line that went smoothly . the only thing today the girl at front desk with a bun on her head was very rude . smh ! other wise the rest of staff was great . walked in around 8:30 am", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give it no stars if i could less than half staffed and definately paid by the hour.unfriendly and not much help , here already for 2 hours for an address change and no end in sight . stay away from north phoenix dmv on north 26 th ave", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's the dmv if you 're checking the yelp page on the dmv for any other reason than directions , i 'm telling you , it 's the same thing everywhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the employee 's there clearly hate their jobs . the first employee we encountered gave us incorrect directions . we followed around the back to the inspection center , as a first timer to this process it was very confusing . once we figured it out we walked in the inspection center to sign in , the adot `` officer '' was clearly unhappy about being behind a desk . i have never encountered such unprofessional , rude , unhelpful ( to say the least ) employee in my life . i believe his name on his `` uniform '' was majewski ? he even went on about how he hopes he does n't have to arrest anyone today because that will make the wait longer and then continued to talk about joe arpaio ( which had absolutely nothing to do with anything . ) we then made the decision to leave , not because of the long wait but because of this very rude employee . i 'll drive as far as i need to next time to avoid this rude individual .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "exceptional customer service from the moment i walked..kimberly was extremely helpful and got us in and out very quickly , she surely knows her job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the lines begin early and even though i was there at 7:45 . i did not get out until past 9 am . i would bring things to do . the staff all look well put together and were friendly : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they are extremely busy and not all the counters are open . just dont plan anything if you are going to this place . services are good and the staff is friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "at the mvd in tempe . what a horrible experience ! they do n't even know their own policies regarding military exemptions and i was made to feel like i 'm trying to cheat them somehow by utilizing this benefit given to me by the state . then they gave me a hard time because i redacted my social security number from my orders . i 've been here 40 minutes and still do n't have my car registration renewed . the last time i was at this location i waited a very long time and , just as i was the next one up , the clerk took her neighbor and friend go in front of me and all the others in line and who had been waiting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they moved pretty fast for what it was . the front ladies were informative and moved quickly today 6 6 16 and lorena at ( 18 ) was very informative and very helpful i really appreciated it . i do n't normally have great experiences at the dmv but i want to give credit where credit was due . please keep the good attitudes and doing a good job . there is n't many so from the public thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service has gotten better . they will never get five stars because there is small things that they could do to make service faster . the people are real friendly and willing to help .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "debra m helped us with a complicated title problem . she was fast , professional , and funny !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vincent peralta is the best employee i 've ever encountered at any mvd . he went above and beyond my expectations for customer service . he actually should be in a managerial position . he went out of his way while still following guidelines and procedures to provide the best service . he 's also just a great person to talk to while there may be any kind of wait . very personable and i have been lucky to have him each time i have to go to this mvd", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i already went to the mvd website to leave a comment but i really want this to be seen . samantha q. , thank you so much for making my visit as painless and quick as possible , especially when i had multiple transactions and questions to get through . you answered each and every one and were so patient and understanding with me . you were so knowledgeable about what i needed to do and how i needed to go about getting everything changed to my new name . i just wanted to make sure it was possible for this to reach you , because you really need a pat on the back . thank you very much for making what could have been a long and painful day much better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "average get number in your issue then wait converse and pay . go on the road without issue fixed . no insurance license or vehicle registration ( joke ) this could not happen ? ? or could it ; -", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was maybe the 4 or 5 person arriving when they first opened . it seems like it took forever getting in and out of this place . it got really crowding pretty quickly . i was there for nearly 1 hour . i was n't at all impressed with the slow service . i will stick to renewals online at service arizona . fast and convienent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's the mvd . nobody wants to be here . it is slow and tedious . the line to get in line took about 20 minutes . but the person that helped us made it bearable . she was fast , friendly , and should be commended . on the way out , my wife was so impressed with someone working a job that has to be frustrating ( people constantly yelling at you and being annoyed ) that she asked for a manager to compliment the person . i would not say it was a pleasant experience . but it could have been worse .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ugh ! this place is always so crowded and the parking is usually difficult to find but the service is usually good . however , on this particular occasion , the clerk clearly did not know what she was doing and had to constantly ask co-workers and supervisors for help . because of her ineptness my husband was continuously questioning her actions . i felt truly sorry for the people waiting behind us as we did not get out of there for two and a half hours ! my advice ... never go during christmas break !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very slow , unorganized and filled with crazy people . but you dont have to see them often since the license is given for 40 years . good that they accept credit cards ... be prepared to spend 2 hours there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my friend was looking for a specific wedding dress and this store had the dress . we called but they did n't answer the phone so we just stopped in . usually bridal boutiques are by appointment only . that was the case here but the ladies were still welcoming and let my friend look around . she found the dress she wanted and they took time to call the manufacturer to get a sample dress in her size . she 'll go back another day when she has an appointment to try it on . for a short visit without an appointment , the ladies here treated us very nicely . none of that snooty bridal treatment here . the mother of one of the brides who had an appointment , however , scary ! momzilla !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after going to a large chain bridal gown store , i left feeling really discouraged . we stumbled upon this place on our way home . immediately , natalie was so sweet and said no appoint was needed . i told her that our wedding was taking place in hawaii and she showed me some dresses that she thought would go with the location . needless to say , natalie knows her stuff , she helped me pick out the most perfect dress ! everyone there was so nice and worked with me since i live out of state . all of the dresses there are gorgeous and reasonably priced for what you get . my dress was not only beautiful , but you could tell it was good quality . the store is decorated so cute and the staff makes you feel so comfortable . do not waste your time and go here ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this boutique ! ! i had 3 months till my wedding and found my dream dress in my budget ! the customer service was outstanding and my dress came in almost 3 weeks early ! loved wedding belles ! ! would not recommend the alterations lady ... had alot of problems .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wedding belles was the best bridal experience i had by far . i did n't have high hopes for finding a dress here , but once i walked in the door i was really impressed . first , everything is under $ 2000 ( i even tried on a gorgeous dress for $ 350 ) . second , they have a really great selection . dresses were modern and there were many different options ( much more than you would expect from a small shop ) . also , i had really wanted a dress with an illusion neckline . after searching at 6 different stores i had only seen 2 for under $ 1000 . when i walked into wedding belles , the first thing i noticed was that they had about 10 moderately priced illusion gowns . this was a great shop and natalie and anisa were incredibly helpful . i 'm so thrilled to have found my dress here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love wedding belles ! went in and had an appointment with natalie who was so helpful ! i only had 3 months before my wedding when i went in and she was very clear about the timeline but also super positive and willing to work with me . she listened to what i told her i liked and she brought out some beautiful choices that showed she really heard what i said . she was also great at giving me and my party time to talk through each of the dresses . we never felt rushed or like we did n't have her full attention . and like the website promises , all the dresses are under $ 2000 . ended up finding a gorgeous dress for $ 500 there and ca n't wait to wear it for real soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing store i highly recommend you check this place out ! amazing prices and exceptional customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop has many pretty dresses and natalie , the owner , is amazing . she gives top notch service and really loves what she does . she was quick , efficient and super friendly . i loved this kenneth winston dress that fit like a glove . the seamstress was on site and told me the exact pricing on what i needed ( the price was 1 3 the price of alterations in san francisco ) . the prices of dresses were also very reasonable . i went to 5 bridal shops in 36 hours in gilbert , chandler , phoenix and scottsdale and i would highly recommend this shop and ask for natalie - you will get straight answers about timing of ordering the dress , alterations , etc . make an appointment today - this place had quite a few brides there even though it was a weekday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed my visit with natalie . she is fantastic to assist you with shopping . she really understands what your looking for and goes out of her way to make you feel comfortable . make sure to make an appointment and see for your self !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love , love , love this bridal boutique . natalie , the owner , provided great customer service . she helped my sister pick out such a gorgeous dress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "natalie was so awesome in helping me find my perfect dress ! she is so sweet and always responded promptly to emails and questions . the boutique has such a wide selection , i was in love with so many of the dresses ! at first i thought i 'd never spend more than $ 1000 on a wedding dress but after comparing the quality of the dresses at wedding belles to those in a lower cost chain , i knew it was well worth the money . you can see a difference in the fit . any bride in the area must check out this store when choosing their dress not only for the selection but the great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wedding belles bridal boutique was my first stop in my search for a wedding dress . natalie and her staff are so incredibly helpful , eliciting the style of the bride before searching for the perfect gown . i found my dress on the third try and it is everything i hoped it would be . throughout the fitting and accessorizing process , the wedding belles team continues to be a wealth of information and assistance . i have not encountered customer service on this level , in any setting , in quite some time . i would highly suggest this boutique to all brides .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wedding belles is the best little bridal boutique i have been to in arizona . natalie the owner was so sweet and super helpful . she has a really beautiful selection of dresses and asscesories . i found my dress there on my second try and all her samples are immaculate , as well as her store . i actually bought the sample i tried on and it looks perfect ! i am pretty picky about samples being clean and hers were the best i have seen . it 's a perfect little boutique to shop for your dress , it 's welcoming and quiet and they make you feel like a special bride . she also carries a large selection in larger sizes which make us bigger girls feel good and not worry about not having anything to try on . it 's hard to go to a small boutique and not have any samples to try on because you are not the runway sample sizes . the prices are great for the quality of dresses she carries . i highly recommend wedding belles for any bride looking to find her perfect dress", "score": "5"}
{"review": "can you say amazing x 1000 ? i found my dream gown online , and wedding belles made it happen . they were so sweet and made it super easy . i absolutely love my dress , and ca n't believe how affordable it was . i would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i may not have found my dress here , but i had a wonderful time shopping at wedding belles . natalie was great - patient , helpful , and really listened to what i was looking for . the dresses were gorgeous , and the store was adorable . my mom , my two bridesmaids , and i all really enjoyed our time here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i seriously ca n't get over how magical my day was at wedding belles . hanh was soooo helpful and sweet . when i told her what i was looking for she knew exactly what i would love ! it was so hard to choose a dress because they were all beautiful . she literally went above and beyond her job role . helped me put my shoes on , asked about my fiance , and how he proposed etc . literally , got to know me ! i felt so comfortable . thank you hanh for your great customer service , you are the sweetest and greatest at what you do ! xoxo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this shop . they have a variety of dresses but not in an overwhelming , unorganized kinda way . i stopped by over the weekend to find a bridesmaid dress for a wedding i 'm in this october . natalie , the owner , is so cute and made the visit extremely fun . she gave my friend and i multiple different dresses to try on . we both loved the tulle dresses and were fitted for our size . always a bridesmaid , never a bride . juuust kidding . but i 'll definitely be back once it 's my turn to find the perfect wedding dress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "natalie is amazing . i previously went to one of largest bridal salons in the country , and while it was great , there was just something so much more warm and wonderful at wedding belles . natalie knows her work very well , and does n't push you into a purchase . i found the dress of my dreams at wedding belles and am so glad i was able to support such a lovely local business ! i ca n't wait to wear my dress on the biggest day of my life in september , 2017 ! thank you natalie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! natalie ( owner ) is so great to work with , and so was her mother who helped me with my initial appointment ! i ordered my dress in late february and it arrived by the end of march , months earlier than scheduled ! unfortunately for me , i 'm expecting in july and wo n't be able to do any initial fittings until much closer to my wedding but it is such a relief to know my dress is already here and it 's one less thing to worry about . you really feel like you 're amongst friends when you come here , the shop is so cute with gorgeous well-priced dresses and there 's absolutely no pressure to buy which i experienced at other shops . i 'm so glad i came here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom and i went wedding dress shopping last weekend , and it was the best choice i have made . i had n't tried any dresses on yet , and natalie the owner made the experience very fun and stress free . there was no pressure to buy , and natalie really helped the process go smoothly ... she was realistic with the budget i had to work with and honest as well ! the store is so cute and she has a wide variety of dresses as well ! i would strongly recommend this store to any bride that wants the `` true wedding dress experience '' and it feels nice to support a local store in stead of a chain . before you head anywhere else please take my word and stop at wedding belles first !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best wedding dress shop in arizona ! they are very personable and take their time with you . i went to other places and walked out because their service was horrible . i loved the fact that i knew i could afford any dress in the boutique as they are all $ 2000 and under . highly recommend this boutique for your wedding dress !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wedding belles is the first and only place i shopped for my dress . natalie , the owner was friendly and professional . i was interested in a dress with more coverage and natalie and her seamstress created the perfect solution . i felt confident and beautiful on my wedding day because of all of their hard work ( four fittings ) . in addition , the seamstress and my best friend created a purse made from the extra material of my dress . it was given to me the night before the wedding , it is most thoughtful gift i have ever received . i recommend wedding belles to anyone looking for a wedding dress and incredible customer service . thank you natalie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best bridal shop ever ! ! natalie and anissa made my bridal shop experience impeccable . traveling from another state just to get my dress was the best decision ever . communication throughout was definitely delivered . that being said i also made the decision to have my seven bridesmaids purchase there dress there all living in another state ; everything went smoothly ! thanks so much ladies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found my dress at wedding belles for my daughter 's wedding . due to a timing change by the u.s. army , her wedding date was moved up a couple of months and meant that i did n't have time to order a dress . natalie helped me pick the perfect dress that she had on her floor and helped with the alterations in the store . i found the most beautiful jewelry to match that looked much better than high end costume jewelry with much lower prices . the wedding was last night and i received so many complements on my dress and jewelry . it was a great shopping experience . she went above and beyond to help take the stress out of a wedding with a tight schedule . i will certainly shop here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went as a bridesmaid to help a friend find a wedding dress . what a lovely shop ! the staff was friendly , knowledgable , and professional . we visited 6 shops in 2 days , and this was the best selection , and the best service we encountered . so happy she chose a dress from this great place . highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! i felt immediate comfort as i walked through the door . natalie is extremely friendly , professional and helpful . she made my first gown shopping experience spectacular ! wedding belles is extremely clean and has a vast amount of up-to-date options at a great price ! i was recommended here by a friend and i have already and will continue to recommend to others . i very highly recommend you choose wedding belles to shop at for the dress that represents you on one of the most important days of your life !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to almost every wedding gown shop in the valley , and had a hard time finding a wedding dress that was authentic . i came to wedding belles on a whim because they were nearby and had a good yelp review . honestly , i could n't stop finding dresses i loved as i browsed each rack . they were all so tasteful and unique . and looked gorgeous all around . i ended up choosing one that was `` the one . '' the process was simple , the dresses affordable and in my budget , and i got everything tailored and ready for my wedding which was like within just a couple months from the day i purchased the dress . i got so many compliments on my dress and felt the most beautiful i have ever felt in my whole life the day of my wedding in the dress i got from here . all in all , this place is best in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i knew i 'd like this store when i ran into it at the phoenix bridal convention , especially with 'moderately priced under $ 2000 ' on their business card . i went to visit and really liked the store & a specific dress , but was n't completely in love . natalie was funny , very honest and helpful with me while trying to keep my purchase under $ 2000 . although i have n't found a winner just yet , i really appreciate the time she took to meet with us . the dress hunt continues ! editing my original post : after 14 dress shops & 100+ dresses , i had to come back and see natalie one more time . i kept remembering the same dress i had tried on about a month ago . my dress has been purchased and now i just wait 4-6 months for it to come in . so relieved and excited to see my dress . thank you for everything , natalie !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i booked an appointment here looking for my wedding dress . i had an awful experience at suzanne 's and was n't very excited to continue my search . natalie turned that around for me . her shop is so cute and she was attentive , kind , and helpful . we walked around and i was able to show her what i liked , she pulled so many dresses for me to try on . i was never rushed or interrogated about my budget . i felt comfortable and at ease . i had a very specific dress in mind but natalie pulled a dress i would have never considered . it ended up being my dress . i also purchased my dress close to the recommended deadline and she never made me feel pressured or anxious . this is a wonderful place i highly recommend to any bride .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the best experience with natalie @ wedding belles . she was easy to contact , always provided prompt feedback . her boutique makes it a very personal experience . yes , finding my wedding dress was fabulous but she made it an amazing experience for my mom and i. i ca n't say enough good things about this wedding boutique & the owner . i can only wish other brides have as good of an experience as i did . for peace of mind and a beautiful experience - go to natalie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "natalie is absolutely amazing ! our group had the best time , the shop is gorgeous with a really great selection of stunning dresses at really great prices . it was such a fun experience and we found the perfect dress ! highly recommend this place to anyone looking for the dress of their dreams .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the absolute best experience at wedding belles bridal boutique ! from the beginning , natalie was incredible and helped me find my perfect dress . her store is just beautiful ! she has so many beautiful dresses in her store that are unique and affordable ! i 've been to quite a few dress shops all over the valley and wedding belles is the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this store . i purchased a dress that needed to be rushed because of my wedding date . the dress arrived early . i also ordered accessories which were rushed as well . my fittings went so well . the staff is amazing and friendly . i recommend this boutique to anyone looking for a magical experience when choosing a wedding dress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this past saturday i came into the boutique for my first bridal appointment . i was nervous and giddy at the same time . from the moment i walked in i felt like a kid in a candy store ! the dresses are displayed so you are able to choose very easily which ones to try on . natalie was sweet , full of knowledge and most importantly still filled with excitement for the bride ! yes , i did leave with a feeling of joy as i purchased my wedding dress ... ..if you are looking for a special , non pressure , moderately priced ( woohoo ) , relaxed , fun ( did someone say mimosas ? ! ) bridal shopping experience , write wedding belles boutique as your first ( and possibly last ) stop for bride or bridesmaid shopping ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't stop raving about wedding belles bridal boutique . i 'm having a small at home wedding this summer in az followed by destination photos in germany . my dress needed to be light weight and easy to transport . other bridal places seemed to judge me when i asked if i could order a bridesmaid dress in an ivory or blush but natalie jumped on the idea and started pulling dresses that could easily be my dream dress . sure enough ! second dress in and i fell in love ! natalie is wonderful ! ! ! she is extremely engaging and helpful . natalie made sure my aunt , best friend , and i were laughing and had smiles on our faces during my entire appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this beautiful lady , ms. natalie from @ weddingbellesaz is the most amazing bridal consultant wedding boutique owner in the entire phoenix , az area . after a full day of dress shopping and different shop experiences , we ended up coming back to this phenomenal boutique to surprise natalie and thank her for her exquisite taste and simply because she is an angel sent to us from heaven . if you are looking for a dress in the phoenix area , do yourself a favor and come see her . you will be blown away ! ! ! @ weddingbellesaz # bestboutiqueintown # lovehertopieces i said yes to the dress ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars , no hesitation . natalie & han made my sisters first time dress shopping such a great experience , i 'll definitely come back for mine ! natalie helped my sister through the whole process , she did n't force anything upon us . this place is recommended if you 're under the $ 2000 budget . she is veryyyy knowledgeable as well . thank you natalie , you 're awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing ! the owner natalie made the experience , i would n't go anywhere else . you 're allowed to pop champagne and sip while you shop . natalie was so informative and helpful , made the entire experience flawless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wedding belles was my first stop when dress shopping . although i found my gown elsewhere , i really enjoyed my experience here ! they have a large selection of gowns , larger than many other boutiques i visited during my search . and they 're high quality and beautiful , while still being under $ 2000 . anissa helped me and she was awesome , letting me try on many gowns , with different styles since it was my first time shopping . the location is great , but i would love to see them expand the store as it is a little small , and difficult to navigate when busy . but it honestly did n't matter too much , once i was trying on dresses . my best friend is getting married shortly after me and i enjoyed my experience here so much , she made an appointment too ! thanks wedding belles ! could n't have asked for a better first experience wedding dress shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not say enough good things about wedding belles ! the owner , natalie , is a gem and has the perfect balance of giving input and letting her brides take as much time as necessary trying on ( and re-trying on ) gowns . all of the gowns in the store are under $ 2k so it was comforting knowing that i did not need to inspect price tags to help make my decision . she made it incredibly easy for my 4 bridesmaids to all get different styles of dresses from the same designer and always welcomed me with a smile when i stopped by for a color match . her enthusiasm for this business truly shines through her customer service - support local business and get your wedding gown from wedding belles !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a wonderful experience working with natalie and the ladies at wedding belles ! my dress was more than i ever hope for . it came in earlier than promised and they made alterations really easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter is getting her dress from natalie and could not be happier . i concur with all the previous reviews . if you want personalized service from the owner of the boutique , a nice selection of dresses , and fantastic prices , this is the place . yes , the prices from what i understand are excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this little boutique ! ! ! ! as a bigger girl i was worried from day one that i would n't be able to find the dress but natalie would n't hear of it ! ! she found it pretty quickly and was super helpful ! ! sylvia her seamstress was amazing and made all the adjustments and additions i asked for with out batting an eye ! ! ! i will send any girlfriend here . my step-daughter will go here when it is time ! ! ! ! ! love you natalie ! ! ! you helped me fell like a superstar celebrity on my day ! ! ! thank you is not enough , but thank you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam 's office did a fine job in handling my case . had some challenges , but ultimately things were handled with care and diligence . they have a fine , energetic staff eager to tend to and care for their clients .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree too , he screwed us and is impossible to get ahold of once you sign the papers . we had to threaten him with another lawyer just to get a return phone call so he transfered our case to a partner lawyer . the legal aids also do n't have a clue what they are doing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "used this law firm after my truck was totaled in an accident . never saw adam kutner during the whole ordeal and only dealt with his staff . they kept me in the dark during the whole process . during the process , i felt like i was a nuisance when i called to inquire about the status of my case . very unprofessional and sorry that i used their services . avoid this law firm at all cost !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was going down the stairs and the stairs broke therefore i fell forward and injured myself . after taking my case and sending me to the doctor for over a year i called all the time and they just kept saying they were waiting on their case manager and to continue follow-up and shots from the doctors i was sent to . after a year i finally got a letter saying that they were n't going to take the case and now i am stuffed with over a year of doctor bills that are unpayable in my current condition . thanks adam i 'll be sure to spread the word .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i give 1 star to adam assistant and negative stars for the office especially adam . service and satisfaction . below standards every negative thing you 'll read is better than the actual treatment you receive , 100 % fault on other party in my accident no questions asked adam could'nt even get my out of pocket expenses covered nor did he try ! false promises false statements limited to no effort office was a joke and do n't hold your breath for your call back , but when they do call back bigger joke no answers 4 months after case settled uhm if you can call it that i 'm billed by doctors ? ? come on stop the tv add and try to represent the people who you wipe your feet on", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is ok. every week i had a different case worker and they never call you for updates so do n't expect a call . i was the one that called to ask how was it going so nope i wo n't go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had a car accident at the end of the year . called adam s kutner because i was in so much pain . got me in to see a dr on new year 's eve . could n't really find a office open do to the holiday some how made it happened for me . 5 months later feeling so much better and closedown my case . really good experience with all his staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have nothing but positive things to say about adam s. kutner 's law offices and his staff . they went above and beyond the call of duty to get my case settled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "non personal and if it does n't settle , you 'll be sent to another attorney . you call and do n't receive call backs . you never see the attorney and they only care about money . your well being does n't matter . they do n't listen , because i had a serious accident and told them the chiropractor was hurting me and i told him . i have a tear in between c5 and 6 , so adjusting was n't an option . well , they failed to notice for 8 months that the chiropractor closed saying i was in no pain . i 've been afraid to see doctors , because they totally screwed up . i changed representation with a firm who i 've seen the lawyer and they sincerely care . i have n't answered them in 2 months , but for 10 months they answered me twice . now i will get the care and support elsewhere and i 'm very happy to be with a firm who cares .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "adam kutner is a genuine lawyer who is someone you can trust and cares about the welfare of his clients . highly suggest going here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update 4 13 16 recent events have caused me to reconsider my initial review . adam and his team have made good on some promises to rectify my concerns . they have strived to make things right . i am indeed appreciative of their effort and diligence . however , i wish this sincere attention and effort would have appeared earlier in my case .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "k", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was dropped a month before the 2 year statute of limitation . did n't even gave me time to look for another lawyer to represent me . why did this firm took my case if they are not going to help me with it ? do they need almost two years to figure out they ca n't help me ? they did n't even help me to fix my car when i got rear ended . they never did anything for me . all they did was waste my time . my mistake was i never did any research on the internet before i hired this firm . do n't make the same mistake i did . do your homework and read the reviews here on yelp and other sites so you 'll see what kind of a joke this firm is . once again read the reviews and do your homework ! do n't waste your time and hire a professional . be safe", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is an update review . almost two yrs ago , i was involved on a car accident , unfortunately not everything went accordingly with mr. kutner 's firm . nevertheless , a little over a year passed and mr. kutner 's law firm got a hold of us because of the unfortunate situation that we experienced , they wan na make things right . the level of professionalism was amazing and i 'm grateful they took their time to accommodate me and my sister . the staff was friendly and caring . im so thankful that they noticed and took actions . time passed and all i can say is ; i 'm very thankful to mr. kutner and it 's staff for taking the time to show the importance of their clients.. lastly , i really appreciate the effort of their firm of correcting the problem.. i would definitely give this firm another opportunity ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't even go with this attorney , that was my worst experience , i had a car accident and they probably kept all the money because they did n't even give me what my car was worth , going with him and his team was my worst mistake.they took about 10 months , to give me 1,500 hundred for my car when in the blue book was for 3,500 they even keep that money too .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband was t-boned back in april , causing injury to himself and totaling our car . we contacted adam kutners office a couple days after the accident and they completely took on our case . and now , 2 months later we have received our settlement and we could n't be happier . we highly recommend mr kutner and his associates ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just talked to april . she was very attentive and understanding . i appreciate the concern from this firm . thanks for making me feel like family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience was absolutely great with adam kutners office his staff has excellent customer service they were knowledgeable and made sure i understood every process in my case . i felt at ease knowing i had no worries everything they said they were doing was done in a timely fashion . i honestly think he has a great team of people who embodies a work ethic that ensures they suceed customers expectations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "adam kunter law firm has provide great customer service . and has correct the issues that we had in the past . and was able to settle my lawsuit . i am very please with the outcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience . i have taken 2 mid-price range watches ( around $ 250 ) in for battery change . impressive pricing . the owner is honest , fair and very professional . i loved going in here to see all the vintage time pieces that he has , he even has certain jewelry piecse and collectibles that you can buy straight off the glass display . i highly recommend this shop . even when i move i will always take my watches back here when i get the chance to be repaired . it 's hard to find a reliable and quality shop with fair prices . oh , watch battery is only supposed to last about 1.5 year , surprisingly it has been 2 years since the battery for my first watch was changed at this shop , and the watch is still going strong . this tells you that the owner uses high quality products and he charges very reasonable prices for his services . not to mention it only takes 10-15 minute for him to get the dead battery changed out , can you ask for anything more ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i dropped off two watches and he had them done in 15 minutes . it is very reasonably priced for a battery change ... $ 16 for two watches . he is extremely quick too . i also brought in another watch which i suspected was broken ( vs. simply needing a new battery ) and he told me it was n't worth the cost to repair . i appreciated his honesty and not overcharging me to fix it . i will bring all my watches here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic experience . i brought my luminox watch in for a battery replacement thinking it needed the full new gasket and battery to remain waterproof . this would have cost $ 45 . however the owner went out of his way to say the gasket on these is very strong and likely did n't need replacing . he did just the battery ( and it only took about 4 minutes ! ) at a cost of $ 9 . awesome . this gentlemen is one of those rare shop owners that you can tell is a master of his trade . i will be back with my nicer timepieces when they need servicing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just in time ! punny if you are looking for a clock , you have got to come by this place . it 's lined from top to bottom , wall to wall full of shelf , table , wall , chirping , ticking clocks . i did n't come in for a clock , but batteries . three battery replacements for watches for a total of $ 24.48 . same day service . dropped them off over the lunch hour , picked them up at the end of the day . i could have waited maybe 30-45 minutes and gotten them back , but if there is no one in front of you , i 'm sure the service is even faster . what a deal ! forget jewelers from here on out , i 'll save some money and save some time by going here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took my watch in for a new battery and he had it back up and working in less than 5 minutes for only $ 8 . i would highly recommend this store . he had a ton of clock repairs he was working on as well so any clocks that need fixing- this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , friendly service . i went to a southpark mall jewelry store to have a battery replaced in my watch and they asked to keep if for a couple of days . i took it to a time 'n place and he replaced it in 10 minutes . note : at the end of april 2015 they are moving to their new location , 303 woodlawn rd , suite 8 charlotte , nc 28217", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! i took two watches in , one needed to be sized and the other needed a new battery . the owner was very sweet and he had them fixed in just a few minutes . cost me $ 15 total and he was very efficient !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in at 11:53 am . got three of my watch batteries swapped out in less than 10 minutes ! ! ! ! ! usually they tell me to leave it and come back next day but he dropped everything he was doing and took care of me right away !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "within 2 minutes , he put in a new battery , and set it to the correct time and date . $ 8.68 with tax . love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the mechanics you keep . for the past 9 years i 've entrusted my 1995 850 sedan , 1996 850 wagon , 2000 v70 xc and now my 1990 740 wagon . mike and gary have never let me down . always great prices , no upsales , timely repairs . these guys are the best kept secret in the world of volvo repair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place specializes in volvo . as a volvo owner , this is a convenient alternative to the dealer service department for regular service ... at least for me because i live in this neighborhood . in the past they are just a little less expensive than the dealership , or at least you can compare & bargain . my small complaint for my recent visit : they did n't call me when my car was done , and they did n't inform of changing my brake pads before changing it ... what if i had no money ( and i really did n't have the money , go credit card ) ? ! nothing fancy here , but it 's another option for volvo owners . i would suggest calling dealer service department and here to price compare , sometimes it 's cheaper over at the dealer and they have loaner cars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these guys are great ! they keep our 2 1998 volvo wagons running smoothly . their prices are fair and far below what a dealership would charge . i recommend them highly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and nice team of people . great selection of sns powder colors . these two factors make this my favorite nail salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new spot ! sisy gave the best spa pedi i 've ever had and the chairs at this spot are high end massage chairs . also no stigma for male clientele as you would expect , but worth mentioning . great place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well this is one of my favorite fast food joints around . when i lived in california we had them on every corner . after i moved to az i was just happy to have one in town . this location is super busy but always consistent and they can handle the crowds . there is outdoor seating available which is not really usable during the hellish heat months but nice when it cools down a bit . being in the south i am really missing my double double with extra onions . sigh ... . if you 've never been here do yourself a favor and stop in . you will be a lifer", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fab idea : animal fries . another fab idea : box so you can eat in your car without dying in a head-on collision as you fish your yummy burger from a bag bottom . extraordinarily fab idea : paying your employees a decent sum so they actually smile and make eye contact when they give you your food . some of these said employees actually talk and gasp make conversation , too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love in-n-out . i am so happy to have one close by once again . the food is always good and the workers are always pleasant to deal with . i have never run into a rude employee . this location lives up to those high standards . even when it is busy , which is most of the time , they get you through the line quickly . the food is fresh and delicious . i will always choose in-n-out over other fast food places because the quality is much better for the same price or even less .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's in & out & unless you do n't know you always have to wait in line does n't matter what time of day . however your burger will be hot , good & consistent . the place clean even on a busy weekend . so stop , wait , eat & return .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "simple , quality products . amazing hamburgers . fries are average . i 'm not a burger person , but in-n-out burgers are very good . double doublke aminal style all day ! always crowded , prepare to wait in line and try to get it to go and eat else if you do n't like crowded places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i say `` as good as it gets '' for fast food burgers standards ! i will pick in-n-out over any other fast food place . yeah i have had way better burgers , but not from a fast food place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all my life i 've heard that in-n-out is the end all be all of hamburger joints . that there 's no way i could any further in my life without visiting one . every time i go to vegas i hear `` you have to go to in-n-out '' . well we were going to goodyear park and wanted to stop here since they were nearby . i 'll give it to them , they were packed at 11am on a saturday . but i was n't impressed . the burger and fries were just `` okay '' . nothing to write home about or that i 'd have to tell the world about ( which i guess i 'm doing right now ) . i know 5 guys came after in-n-out , but i felt like 5 guys just does it better . you can actually order toppings . crazy , i know . all in all , i 'd try them again , but do n't know that i 'd go out of my way for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is another fast food place one can get a burger . i do not understand the overly zealous like for the food . yes the inside of the store is nice and clean and the employees are actually smiling and understand the menu , but considering the limited choices on the menu i guess this is not truly an amazing feat . but nice just the same . the burgers and fries are ok , nothing to rave about . i did discover that they should be eaten there as these items do not travel well . by the time we got ours home they were just yucky .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what can you say about simple , basic , fresh and really tasty burger joint that has n't been said before ? honestly i love how simple and tasty it really is . reminds me of dick 's back in seattle ( but their fries are even better ! ) but i love the toasted bun of the burger as well ! while i do n't use the `` secret menu '' it 's there and many go animal style !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm usually a huge fan of in-n-out , but today must 've been just an off day for this restaurant . i had a double-double animal protein burger , animal style fries , and regular fries . everything just seemed like tons and tons of salt was poured on it . it was way too salty . next time , i will definitely ask for no salt on the fries . i recommend you do the same or ask for reduced salt .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this was a treat for me because we do n't have in n out on the east coast . but the burger and fries were so delicious and the staff was so patient and friendly ! ! cheaper than five guys and healthier ! i highly recommend the double patty wrapped in lettuce .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is just my opinion , but they have some of the best burgers ever ! i 'm from los angeles , so i was very happy to hear that we had an in-n-out in avondale ! it 's not for everyone though . the burgers here do taste different , and so do the fries . i feel that it 's because the fries are never frozen and are made on the spot . ( some people are used to the fake greasy mcd fries ) i think i saw something about the burger never being frozen too ? i could be wrong though . taste great ! you should at least try it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly people . our order taker was probably frustrated at the line in the drive . ino is not entirely noob-friendly . my bf ordered `` cheese burger , everything on it , grilled onions , add pickle , add banana peppers -- oh and animal style . '' any previous or current ino employee would laugh at that too . he could 've saved a minute or two had he ordered backwards as simple as `` animal style , add banana pepper . '' our order taker also asked if we wanted box or to go . bf was confused but i got it . anyways , food came out fast enough and we were satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've literally never had a bad , nay , even mediocre experience here . food is fresh , hot , out fast and so tasty . service is perfect . great value . my fav is # 2 cheeseburger , protein style , ketchup and mustard instead of spread , and grilled onions : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man , i so miss this burger chain living on the east coast . i 've only eaten at one in-n-out burger place that was slightly sub-par , and this was n't it . service like at a chik-fil-a : we were about to sit down and a guy came running over to wipe down the table and seats . they actually brought us our food . and the place was packed , so the employees had to be on their toes to do this across the restaurant . and the food ? the fries are really good , but i miss the burgers so much that i eschew the fries and double down on the double double instead . if there is a better fast food burger experience , i 'm waiting to have it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burger , value , and service i 'm one of those people who heard such amazing things about in-n-out from friends who were acolytes that pretty much nothing could live up to the hype . and i heard it for years . today , i hit in-n-out for a great burger and an amazing price , even though it 's not the religious experience some rank it as . literally . for a few on my colleagues and friends , ordering a `` double-double '' is a straight-up analog for taking sacrament . a few things i like about in-n-out are that the chain keeps the food simply and yummers ; the staff is almost always super fast and friendly ( not like some chains that seem to hire anyone with a pulse ) ; the store is kept clean ; and they get the orders right . omfg on the latter item . it the core job of anyone in the service industry to create and accurate order , and yet , i can count the restaurants that do it well on two hands .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they 're all awesome , all the time ! real fries from freshly cut real potatoes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finding an in-n-out right off the freeway in arizona was a pleasant surprise . even more so , even amongst the hustle and bustle , having an associate ask about how your meal was multiple times and promptly cleaning up your table earns this location five well deserved stars !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yup . just as good as it is in ca . went on fri 2pm and it was empty . got our food faster than i 've ever gotten it at an in n out . quick access off the freeway . if travelling in from california , this is the first one on the arizona side you 'll encounter on i-10 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good burgers and french fries as always ! do n't forget the in-n-out sauce for your french fries . we ordered one meal set for cheese burger , another cheese burger and a milkshake . all that for only $ 10 :0 seating could be tough but good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in-n-out is probably one of the most consistent fast food joints , no matter what location you go to , they are all good ! everything i have ever gotten here has been good . the protein style burger is great , and only has 240 calories , and taste just as great as a regular burger !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good but not as good as i expected for the raves . super busy and not enough places for everyone to sit . decent prices . burger was good but they put too much `` salad '' on it for my taste , messy and falling out everywhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love in-n-out . even tho the lines are always long they do a great job getting you in-n-out , pun intended : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "being from southern ca , i know my in n out . this location has consistently disappointing fries . they are either over cooked or hard as rocks ! if you want the best fries , go to the peoria location ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i am hungry & do n't have time to stop to eat , i hope there is an in-n-out burger around ! i can fully enjoy their burgers & fries to the fullest while driving because there is no one around to hear me moaning approval with every bite . btw , do n't worry about my admittal to driving and eating all at once , i am great at multitasking : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here multiple times and every time i do go the food is mediocre . on three separate occasions i received a raw ass burger with my meals which is disgusting this is the only in n out who ca n't make me a burger that is n't raw to save their life . i only gave it 2 stars because their animal fries be on point but other then that the food is garbage .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "gross we are at the drive through watching the cooking and one of the employees `` nicole '' just sneezed big time into the food she preparing . .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is awesome but by far the busiest and longest waits of all in n outs i 've experienced", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best fast food ( if you want to call it that ) burger around . i have been to in-n-out at least 1,000 times , in 4 different states , and at least +30 locations ; and they are all the same every time ! i love you in-n-out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great burgers.. only rivaled by shake shack in nyc . i love this food ... its the ultimate treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went grocery shopping and naturally did n't feel like going home to cook . saw this place for probably the hundredth time finally decided to give it a try . it was pretty good actually , the fries were fresh burger was juicy . just got the regular cheeseburger , some fries , and a coke . it 's all about the sauce at this place . there was definitely an old school diner vibe , the atmosphere around the place was definitely classic . they were quick for the drive thru and the attendants were cheery . i look forward to going inside next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for me this is a more personal review than most . when i first arrived in phoenix in 2013 on the i-10 , this particular in-n-out was a familiar sight for sore eyes . three years later , and this same ino location still never ceases to deliver on their values through good food and good service . now , in 2016 , i make this location a frequent re-visit as it is so close to estrella mountain community college . as far as food goes , try getting their burgers animal style . google it if you 're unfamiliar , there are `` secret menu '' options that every ino to the best of my knowledge delivers on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in n out is by far the best burger joint out there ! : ) very simple menu but everything is great ! ... .this place is crowded at times but the wait isnt that long ... its clean , and the staff is very fast and friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is always great ! i just do n't like how unsanitary it is in here . the tables are not wiped down and there is trash on the ground everywhere", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i come out to the az i have to have my in and out , this is usually the one i go too since it 's so close to where i 'm staying , great tasty burgers cheese is so good too , the bun definitely makes the burger at in and out nice and crispy fries are ok but the burgers are so good it does n't matter , lemonades and shakes are decent too , as far as fast food burgers go ( not including places like 5 guys ) in and out is definitely the best , in and out please come to chicago ... .. ( please note that in and outs are busy no matter which one you go to its a late night spot usually open late till 1am on weekends , so expect a wait in the drive thru , or inside most of the time )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always busy when it 's lunch or dinner time ! it 's worth it for their delicious burgers . it 's always the same at in-n-out , juicy patties , fresh veggies and full fat cheese . i usually order the grilled cheese , since you get all the juicy meat flavor without the meat . otherwise it 's a double-double animal style with no pickles and 2 sides of spread .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same story as the ones in cali . long line , but this one took seriously about 1 2 to get thru the drive thru .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love these burger & fries ! but this place was so dirty ! i was surprised to see the mess on the floors . i wish this place was cleaner . they were really friendly and helpful ! someone needs to come here tho and seriously clean this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from the midwest , i really do n't see what everyone is craving for . maybe if from west coast i could see the attraction . burger was just ok , be awhile before we go back.store could probably be little neater .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a hankering for a cheeseburger so we went to in-n-out burger . apparently this is the place to be at 10:30 on saturday night ! it was so busy ! both inside and the drive thru . i waited in the car with my dogs while my boyfriend went in to get our food . it took a little while . i enjoyed my plain cheeseburger on the way home . i think it was seasoned unevenly , like the first half was on the salty side , but it was still good . i still have no desire to order their fries , but it 's a fine choice for a burger fix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is right off the i-10 and it can get extremely busy ! surprisingly , the line moves quickly . the food is fresh and delicious . the double-double is my favorite item . i recommend you add grilled onions to your burger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had the best fast food experiences here , in n out is known for their excellent customer service so what i 've experienced is not uncommon . i ca n't remember a time that my order was wrong and even the long lines are n't as much of a drag as other fast food places . could n't recommend their food enough , the double double is my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aab , average at best ... never understand the hype , better than mcdonald 's but not as good as many burger joints . good value though , wo n't spend more than $ 6-7", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just as good as any of the locations in their home market , with a much cleaner lobby and friendlier employees . on a busy memorial day afternoon i was `` in n out '' of the drive thru faster than i ever had been at any of the locations i used to frequent in so cal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "spectacular as usual . i guess as long as they stick to the recipe it would be difficult to screw it up . went through the drive through and they were pleasant as usual !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we arrived at in n out ready to eat some guaranteed fresh tm fries . but when i bit into them i found the only thing saltier then the fried potatoes , was my mood after eating that meal .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the employees here are always genuinely super friendly . get the grilled cheese animal style and fries well done . you 're welcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously , does in n out even need a review ? ? everyone already know it 's the best ... next ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to have lunch here for the first time in quite a while . the burger was pretty good but the fries were not much warmer than room temperature and somewhat soggy . by far not the best fries in the industry . the place is always busy and it can be hard to find a place to sit . however , there was a young lady making sure that tables were cleaned as soon as someone left and as soon as i received my order i found a place to sit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "how could you not love to eat here.. freshly cooked when you order . no confusing menu , none of that gibberish menu here , just your simple burger , fry , shake and a drink and num num num . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a fan of in-n-out my whole life growing up in socal . i was pleasantly surprised to find one here when i moved my family to az . one thing is for sure you will never find an in-n-out empty ! ! they are a model of how a successful business should be run . excellent customer service and a quality product . there 's just no substitute .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always fast , delicious and inexpensive . i love me some in-n-out ! ! i love that i can order some delicious vegetarian grilled cheese and fresh made fries . thanks for being so awesome ! ! but please start making your cheese from real cheddar cheese .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why are these so popular again ? ? ? just went to one for the second time in my life , and was reminded why it is not a `` must go '' for me . just an extremely average burger and fries , only the burger is smaller , and the prices are the same ... ..was over $ 7 for me to eat a maybe 3 '' diam burger meal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "perfect every time with great service ! the burgers and animal fries are to die for ! nothing to complain about except for there always being a long line of cars in the drive thru ! which is honestly a good sign , rather than there being no cars . it says the food is good and popular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can tell in-n-out burger has extremely high standards because the service is always amazing and the burgers are in a league of their own . what really keeps me going back is the service chicks who operate the voice box window . they 're unusually friendly for human beings who live in the 21st century . i mean , it 's like they have no stresses and simply love operating a burger window . it 's almost as if it 's their `` calling '' . all joking aside , in-n-out has top-notch customer service . great job ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've probably been there at least 100 times . it never gets old . just remember not to let the food sit too long . fresh food gets cold and soggy fast . eat inside or in the parking lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "learn the secret menu ! ! ! this place is great . we had one sorta bad experience here , we went through the drive through after a movie and when we got home and our order was wrong so we took it back and they replaced it without question , got home and it was wrong again ! i took it back and again it was replaced but i decided to call the customer hotline because the manager was a little rude . they gave us 2 free meal certificates and added 4 more since we had to return twice ! the lady was super apologetic and even called back a couple weeks later to make sure we got the certificates and apologized again . honestly the experience would n't have stopped us from coming back because we had never had something like this happen before and aside from the manager the staff was super nice about the whole thing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time they screw up my order and gave me someone else 's ! ! ! ! ! why man ... the fuck can you guys just get drive thru orders right ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ? ! ? ? ! ? c'mon ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast , friendly and always good food . only downside is they can be packed and you sometimes you ca n't find a seat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love in and out . the menu is simple but everything is delish . it is very hard to get a table at all times but the crowd is worth it . the drive through backs up about 15 cars during lunch . the line goes pretty fast though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hamburgers , try it animal style if you do n't like raw onions . service is always prompt and courteous . fries are n't the best , like eating cardboard . very clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to be a regular here when it first opened . was very impressed with the renovations they performed a couple of years ago . the food has always been good but i 've noticed the service has really gone downhill . i 'm no longer a regular here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ipad ordering system is efficient . fish quality ( taste , texture ) poor compared to a handful of nearby sushi restaurants . cooked food quality ( taste , texture ) also poor . there was a single strand of hair inside my green tea ice cream , but i think that 's from their supplier because the strand was deep inside the ice cream .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty good selection ! they use tablets to take orders which is always fun ! the maki rolls are really big- no lie . so make sure you pick the ones your really like first to get an idea of the serving size for your group and then order accordingly . they have small cakes and fried banana and fried custard for dessert so that was special . they had the usual fanfare so i enjoyed myself ! if you 're too lazy to drive all the way to markham for sushi then this place is a good spot in the pickering area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a group of us came here after work , for a little chill time together . what a great place for a group to go and have some fun and sample just about everything on the menu . everyone had a great time . we will be back again soon i 'm sure . everyone had a different favorite item . from rock & roll shrimp to scallops to rice , it was all very good and well presented .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is good . and the decor is also very nice . a little pricey though for a dinner on the weekend . they have an all you can eat . and ordering is via ipad so that was quite convenient . overall a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed makimono sushi ! the sushi was good and tasted fresh . i 'm such a fan of the ipad service . the customer service was alright ... curtis was great ! the other servers looked like they hated their job .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what is going on makimono ? ? ? i used to love both ajax and pickering locations and would go out of my way to eat here . i was just here this past saturday with a friend and they now have a conditional pass for the health and food inspection . we decided to eat there anyways . we did n't get sick or anything but the food was just bad considering it 's pretty much $ 30 a person for ayce . i feel like the quality of food has gone way down over the years . needless to say i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great . all the food was good for the most part . we ordered a series of courses and tons of sushi . the shrimp tempura was excellent . most of the rolls we had were great . there a couple of things that lacked in quality to me . it was the sashimi , the salmon was not as fresh as i would have liked . the teriyaki salmon was bland and without the teriyaki sauce i would n't have been able to eat it . the beef was good , the seaweed salad was good . the seafood fried rice was good but the scallops are definitely imitation , we could have done without the pink swirl design on it . otherwise , everything was great . oh yeah , a tall can of sapporo is $ 9.50 . overall , for the amount of food you get , it is a value compared to the price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sushi was well made , place is gorgeous inside , all the food came in a timely matter . they use the ipad system but i found that they had several options other sushi restaurants do n't usually have . i would recommend you coming to this place if you 're in the area and are craving some sushi .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are here for sushi , tempura , dim sum , or even some chinese food , it 's a good place with a reasonable price . but do n't go there for sashimi or any stuff with raw meat and fish on the menu , they are really really not fresh ,", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was really quite good when it first opened but the last time i visited the service was horrible ! staff ignored us and acted like it was a chore to work at all . the quality of the food has gone downhill too , unfortunately .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place , best in durham , fresh food with good quality . always using all you can eat : ) my favorite shrimp tempura , black peper beef , unagi sushi and ... . many more : ) . good friendly service . compare to t & t sushi almost the same .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great sushi , sashimi and beef ! ! come here every time i 'm in the mood to have all you can eat japanese food . great service and not bad prices plus i 'm always leaving feeling too full . great place and recommend this to anyone wanting to eat a lot . has been renovated a lot and looks very modern now and you use ipads now to order your food which is quite unique in this town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've always had a great experience at makimono in pickering . the food is yummy , fresh and we leave full and satisfied each time . their plum wine is superb . there have been a few times when service was slow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . great fresh food . service was pretty standard for that type of location . a little on the more pricey side for a buffet but worth it if you got it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! esp since you can order through the ipad . convenient ! food is good and at the right price . best part is they do n't rush u out like most places do . buffet or a la cart available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice clean place . sashimi is good and fresh . staff are very fast and friendly though we ended up getting some orders we did n't ask for by mistake . love the ability to order using an ipad . good selection of food but dessert is a bit of a let down .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was ok . nothing special . quite bland . and there were bits of something hard in some rolls that we could n't figure out what they were . not terrible food . but i would n't come here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we have been here 3 times and this is our second really bad experience here in a row from the all you can eat menu . the establishment was freezing cold , everyone was seated in their jackets . service was terribly slow , we waited 50 minutes for one item to arrive whereas the average wait time for an item was 20-30 minutes . 2 3 times i 've been there i experienced major stomach pains and had to fleet to the establishments ( messy ) restrooms . it was nice to see a wheelchair accessible bathroom , however inside was a storage unit where tables and chairs were stored so no wheelchair could possibly have access to the bathroom if need be . terrible terrible place and will not ever be going back ( really tried to like it ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sushi reasonably good , although pieces tend to be small in comparison to other places i have eaten . fish used is fresh but things like the sushi pizza , gyoza and edamame could have been hotter .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . the ambience is nice and the staff is too . -1 for some staff that barely speaks english and makes it difficult to communicate . i love the sushi , its never not fresh . some may say that its not the best they ever had but you have to factor in the $ $ $ . for the money and quantity , the quality is amazing", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , ambience and a wide variety of high quality food . ordering through an ipad made it easier to pig out lol . i noticed makimono had more variety in their lunch menu than a lot of other ayce sushi places in the gta .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i have come here many times . each time the food quality is great , place is clean and the staff are fast . the salmon sashimi and coconut shrimp are my favourite items . the rolls are also always a win , especially the dragon roll ! it gets really busy on friday and saturday evenings which sometimes lead to them missing a couple of items you ordered . this is not really a big deal because you can order it again and all of the benefits of this location outweigh that minor negative . definitely a top sushi place for durham .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i came here for our 7th anniversary and it was not what i expected . the decor was not what is looks like on the website and it felt like the witness was rushing us to finish eating . the restaurant in general just felt bad . sitting down at the beginning service was fast and the food came out in less than 10mins . however when my wife found a hair in her sushi , that just killed her mood . the manager was great in trying to accommodate her disgust , being very apologetic strongly insisting that we take another plate or a dish to go aka `` trying to get us to pay for food we do n't want . '' after several times of saying no , i intervene to say sure , we will take the dish but 1 2 price . why did i say that , after this annoying compromise was made , there attitude turned from `` i 'm sorry '' to `` i 'm done '' ... ... and so were we . that was my 1st time eating at this restaurant ... never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my best friend i visited this place with our babies and upon arriving it was so difficult to take our strollers in . there was a step to get in and had to carry strollers in . there was also no option to automatically open the door . we told the lady we were unhappy and no apology was given . so we ordered the dynamite roles , veggie pad thai and shrimp tempura . food literally came after 5 minutes . so we know it definitely was n't fresh . dynamite rolls were pretty good , shrimp tempura tasted good however was n't freshly fried and the veggie pad thai had only small pieces of celery and 1 piece of broccoli . that night we both started experienced stomach cramps and felt nauseous . we are definitely not returning back to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "last night was a sushi date night & we are fans of makimono . we 've always had friendly , good service and the food is always good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "makimono is a very nice place for sushi . there are ipads for ordering and a wide selection . there were many vegan options for maki rolls which seems like a good feature of this location as well . i loved the wontons and the deep fried custard buns . the only negative thing i will say is that my friend and i felt kind of uncomfortable . the service staff made us feel kind of uncomfortable . they did not do anything in particular but we felt kind of like we were being stared at ? ? ? lmao idk it was still good though", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent all-you-can-eat sushi in pickering . be warned that it can take a while to get seated when they are busy , but once you 're seated the service is decent . i 've said decent twice now . ( now 3x ) ..i think that sums it up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if i was grading on food quality only , i would give this restaurant 4 stars . however , because this restaurant takes advantage of modern technology and has very kind and well spoken staff , they fully get a 5 out of 5 . what is also quite exceptional is the presentations of the plates . the food delivery speed is very good , and the coolest part of all of it is that you order from a customized ipad app , written exclusively for this restaurant . it 's difficult to get a high mark in sushi becuase one is somewhat limited in the possibilities for the plates - it 's all the same everywhere . this place is cool , great for a date , decent atmosphere , and it 's not too expensive . the sushi is good quality , soft , textural , i love it . definitely coming back . the wasabi could be hotter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am giving this restaurant a four star right away because they had salmon sashimi during lunch hours ! ! ! ! ! i love sashimi and when you are avoiding starches sashimi is the perfect alternative to sushi ! they had sufficient choices , and a variety of cooked chinese dishes like general tao and spicy garlic shrimp . this is nice when you go with company who may not like sushi . the sashimi quality was good too , and the service is steady even when it is busy . most of the stuff is comparable to all the other all you can eat places , however the salmon sashimi at lunch won me over !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently enjoyable . ayce dinner menu is excellent - incredible selection of maki , sashimi , sushi , temaki handrolls , plus the theatrical green dragon roll ( among other special 4-piece creations ) , and favourites like tepanyaki and udon varieties , yakitori ( small skewers ) , gyoza , and yam tempura . fresh , delicious , plentiful . atmosphere is elegant and modern , but family friendly . if you 're in durham - perfect . if not yet you 're craving authentic japanese food , makimono is worth the trip !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "decent selection . their sushi is good - but not great . there are definitely better places in pickering to go . it 's a decent , convenient option for location and accomodations for large parties though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love spicy salmon roll . bento set is very good deal come with a lot of food . a lot of choices . service is ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really like makimono . the food is good and the washrooms are clean . i like the shrimp tempura , the miso soup , the mushroom tempura , and the chicken udon . the ice cream is good . ( especially the mango and the green tea flavor ) . the waiters are just average .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for an all you can , we find this place really good . the rolls are not over stuffed with rice like some places . everything is fresh tasting and the sashimi is amazing ... mind you we only get the salmon and crab . do n't really get anything fried so ca n't comment on that but we always leave very satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was weary to come back to a makimono as the location in ajax gave me food poisoning and they stole my credit card # . but this has redeemed the makimono name ! the deep fried california rolls , edamame beans , and deep fried bananas is now my new favorite meal combo !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a really delicious all-u-can-eat sushi restaurant ! ! ! just go and eat there ! ! ! went there several times . we have eaten at other sushi places and some downtown had given me a rash became very itchy ... but this restaurant is honestly the best ! ! ! ! it 's worth every penny ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the golden california roll - loved it ! the sauces on top made it taste amazing ! we ordered it twice but the second time the presentation was off . deep fried banana was a tad cold and could use some whip creme . we asked for someone and they did n't have any . really nice setting inside . would dress nicely to go there - atleast semi-casual .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the new ipads are cool , but it seems like an excuse not to talk to you . the miso soup was warm at best , the sashimi was cut too thick to enjoy , the unagi was sub par , and they forgot our tempura twice ! on top of all that , my drinking glass was covered in water spots and was n't cleaned properly , as the head of my beer withered quickly and completely . i 've given this place 4 tries , and it feels like its gotten worse every time . i 'm done here , and going to edemame just a fee minutes north at the hub at kingston road .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the only ayce places that offers sashimi for lunch , which is exactly why we made the trek there . it 's not a huge sashimi selection ( and does n't show on their website menu ) but salmon sashimi is good enough for me . ordering from the ipad is a bonus , mostly because you can see pics and descriptions of every menu item . however , unlike some other places , a server has to come and confirm your order every time before it gets placed . probably would be more efficient if this step was eliminated as it is at other ayces with ipad ordering . -1 star because some food items did n't arrive near the end , but we were well attended to for the entire meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a closed down pizza hut turned in a japanese restaurant.. that pretty much says it all . the enivornment is a mish mash of used furntiture , and the environment seems run down . the food.. ugh.. everything was coated in this brown sticky sweet sauce.. from the fried foods to the sushi and rolls . disgusting !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was out in the east end last week visiting my sister-in-law and she suggested sushi . this given week i had already experienced a bad sushi restaurant and was feeling rather lack luster about it . i was wrong . the decor is comfortable and clean . the technology was ipad based and easy to use . the service was top notch ! i mean our server was very attentive and it seemed that as soon as i had a fleeting thought of needing something `` boom '' she was there ! now for the best part ... the food ! i ca n't say enough about it ! ! ! ! amazing ! ! ! we had rolls , maki , dumplings , beef ... ..and the list goes on . i would make a special trip to pickering just for makimono and its goodness ! gold star ! two thumbs up ! cheers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have been to this sushi restaurant many times and it is wonderful . now that they have the ipad way of ordering it 's a lot more fun too ! waitresses are friendly and polite and the service is fast and efficient . the food is awesome and the sashimi is really good . the black pepper beef is excellent with the veggie fried rice ! i have two young children ( 3and 9 months ) and the waitresses are always considerate with the space we need when seating us ( we sometimes have a car seat ) . we have been on very busy days like valentine 's day and the service is a till great and fast . would definitely recommend this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "selection is good . clean place . the only problem was when we were there , we had to wait for our food for so long . seems like the staff was on break or something . other than that , i enjoyed the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just tried this place last weekend . the food is great . i love how you can just order what you want on the ipad , its fun to scroll throw things and pick . food is 5 stars , but service was very slow so thats the only reason i gave it 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food taste and presentation was great ; however , the service has become extremely slow lately ; i go there twice a month . last time i paid for `` all you can eat '' lunch but after 30-40 min waiting for the order it was time to get back to work . waitress was apologetic and gave a 10 % discount on bill , but i had n't eaten anything except side dishes ! bummer ! ! i am not coming back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the lunch special under $ 10 for 3 rolls . soup and salad . best place in pickering ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here for take out . we ordered the $ 29.99 party tray . the service was prompt and friendly . they do n't take debit , but they do have an on-site atm and a td across the parking lot . cash take-out has a 10 % discount . the food was good . not bad for the area . our party tray was good , but the tuna we got , although edible ( and by no means stale ) , could have been a bit fresher . maybe we just got a bad cut . other than that the food and the service was enjoyable . perhaps we will return to try their ayce menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after reading a bunch of bad reviews , i was a bit scared to try this place out . a few of my friends have been here before and recommended it so i wanted to taste it for myself . the food was excellent ! it looked good and tasted great ! the server we had was really great too . she refilled our drinks 4 times and was always ready to help when we needed her . the food came out quick and none of our ayce items were missed . i will definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is absolutely amazing , best quality all-you-can-eat sushi in the area . the service is n't always that great but good sushi is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good quality food . fast service . most ayce places give you really small portions of the teriyaki dishes or anything that is not sushi or sashimi . this place also had dim sum and it was decent . definitely worth coming back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is delicious and the ipad ordering system is marvellous . however , that does not mean that the customer deserves to be denied service . food comes little by little , and our party had to nibble slowly even though we spent over 200 dollars . the service is truly , terrible . they do not seem understaffed either . yet empty plates were left on our table and no one came by until near the end , to see how we were doing . makimono , technology does n't mean you do n't need to do your job !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hi to everybody : ) i just try this sushi place today and here is my review : + fast service , not expensive , friendly , looks good ( i like chicken teriyaki ) - avocado and salomon not looks fresh : ( and plates not looks very clean : (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good service ! i love the ambience . they use ipad to take the order , it 's good and fast service . servers are polite and friendly ! we 'll come back again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have gone here many times and the food and service has always be consistent . the quality and speed of service are good . since it was renovated , things seem busier not no impact to service and quality . a good place for a sushi buffet fix any time . there are better sushi places , in the metro area but at a price , so a good deal all around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place , food is fresh . selection is adequate but not huge . wait staff is pleasant . menu has a lot of non sushi items as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "formerly bierex , number 1 grange road has n't changed much since the refurbishment , essentially a paint job and a name change with a few minor changes to the menu . this is a local bar to me though it 's usually to eat that i go there . it 's good pub grub with a few twists on the menu , particularly the choice of nachos options , there 's classics with just salsa , guacamole and sour cream , chilli nachos adds beef chilli , chicken nachos adds chicken and fried peppers , then there 's haggis or veggie haggis nachos , both with whiskey sauce and steak strips too in the case of the standard haggis . also of note is the sunday breakfast special , two full scottish breakfasts for a tenner , so find a friend and it 's only a fiver each or wait till you 're ravenous and go and have two ( the offer is on till 2pm on sundays ) . i 'm not sure how long it 'll run for though as it 's become quite popular .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seen this place go through name changes and ownerships over the years . i never really loved it as a place to hang out when it was an old mans pub , then when it was given a refurbishment to become beirex i think i liked it less . now i do n't know what it is trying to be . the food is expensive as is the beer and neither are particularly special . i do n't have call to be here often and there are much better pubs within walking distance . minus - expensive food and drink that is n't that great - weird use of space - some of staff seem bored and unfriendly positive - is n't terrible just a little generic , like a privately owned chain pub ... . - some of the staff are great", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been in here many a time because of its handy location and decent lunch deal . soup and a giant sandwich for a fiver gets my vote . this place is never going to blow you away , but it 's warm , friendly and the food always arrives in good time . it 's never spectacular , and i would n't come here for a dinner or proper meal but for a warm , filling lunch i have always been happy . i also wonder if the chef might be a smoker , because the grub sometimes leans towards the salty side ... still , a pleasant wee place that is unlikely to offend any of your senses . pop in if you need a quick lunch or want a pit stop for some chat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "came here on the recommendation of a local . great pub with excellent non-pub aka gourmet food . tried the smoked fish chowder and mushroom and cheese toast as starters . then i had the giant herb salad with couscous and my partner had the hake . excellent place ! under new ownership as of november 2016 . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice tartan-based interior design in here now . not a pub i 've managed to visit in any of its previous incarnations but the pints of trade winds we had were well kept and the general atmosphere was only let down by them playing one of those cover version cds ( like they do in b & q ) , rather than the real thing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the chandler symphony orchestra is a wonderful way to spend the evening ! all of their concerts are free , which is great , and they perform at the chandler center for the arts so it 's a great venue too . i 've been attending their concerts since i moved back to the valley about three years ago and they are just wonderful . the musicians are excellent and the concerts are very well planned out . a great option when attending a chandler symphony orchestra concert is to get lunch or dinner ( depending on when the concert is ) in downtown chandler first then walk over to the chandler center for the arts for the performance . their pops concert is always fun with special guest artists and exciting , fast-paced music that everyone knows and loves . if you are looking for a wonderful and special evening activity , i highly recommend the chandler symphony orchestra !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the chandler symphony performs free ( donations welcome ) concerts several times a year . they normally meet at the chandler arts center , but will meet in ahwatukee for the next season . i attended three concerts this season and all were excellent . i highly recommend attending .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "now i know the idea here is to be a southern style smokehouse . but i hate to be the one to break the bad news to the nice people of bofingers , but there 's more to it than putting meat in a smoker and waiting . i 've been to this restaurant two times , and both times i left disappointed . the idea is good , but they did n't succeed in creating something memorable .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "been there a few times for lunch . served quickly and efficiently . i 've had numerous meal options such as the pulled pork , the club sandwich , philysteak , burgers ... never was disappointed . nothing blew my mind away but for a quick decent priced lunch it truly hits the spot . american styled resto that is one of my secret hidden gems in montreal that i 've started to slowly share with coworkers and friends . personal favorite ? the club sammich . that thing is tasty and huuuge .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent ! ! ! tony always helps me out from very minor issues to total wipeouts and crashes ! ! this place does not get the recognition it deserves ! everyone is really down to earth and prepared to go the extra mile ! this is a place that you need to come in and checkout for yourself and do n't believe everything you read especially from just one person ! if there were a string of bad reviews i would understand but i can assure you that is not the case here ! ! come and see for yourself ! i would never take the time to write this review if i was not completely satisfied with my service here ! once again all i have to say about data doctors is excellent service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "once they understood the full story of my experience , data doctors did respond . they did not charge for their tech 's visit ; they apologized and said that this particular tech would no longer be working for them . thank you for your response !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i recently purchased a high performance pc from the data doctors @ hayden and indian bend ( my second from them ) . it was a great buying experience from start to finish . the staff was knowledgeable , friendly and thoroughly professional . great on post-purchase follow-up as well . i recommend them without reservation or hesitation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally hung up on microsoft 's assure software support people who after spending more than 10 hours of my time on a problem which just happened after pushing a upgrade to the current windows 10 operating system . each time microfts ( india ) tried to fix a problem they never fixed it and ended causing more problems . ( spent 70 to 90 hours with them when they upgraded windows 7 to 10 ) . finally had it this time and am looking at switching to a apple imac since microsoft lost all my info and had to start from scratch again , i brought my pc into the store as a last resort and the tech had everything fixed in less than 5 minutes ! ! helped me out immensely , thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at data doctors before nine a.m. this morning with my iphone . in less than five minutes , the `` doctor '' solved my problem . my phone had gotten wet a few days ago , and i put it in rice as recommended . some rice got into the phone , and it could n't be charged . i thought i 'd have to buy a new phone based on the recommendations from apple and others . not true . the rice is gone . the phone is charged . the `` doctor '' was very nice , very professional , very helpful ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used data doctor twice and was not happy with the service . the problem was not fixed . very important data was lost .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great . clean , friendly and professional . i used a groupon for the massage , mini facial and mani or pedi . the services were all excellent . the `` mini '' facial was actually quite extensive and my skin feels fantastic now . i recommend this business and will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here today for a massage , paraffin and a manicure . i had pearl as my beautician , she was very detail oriented and i was happy with my manicure ! the massage was ok , not the best i 've had but i did leave feeling more relaxed than when i walked in . the interior is small and a bit cramped , but with the space they have , i think they make it work . i 'd go back if ever in need of a cheap manicure quickly as the staff were very nice and pleasant and i had a good experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed a great deep tissue massage and facial with mani and pedi . the price is very reasonable , although it 's a little small . i found staff very personable and friendly . for the price i would highly recommend it . if you are looking for that high end fancy location , best to spend the corresponding dollars . for me , great experience ! will go again", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we booked a couples massage package for valentine 's day . whilst the treatment ( hot stone massage and paraffin on hands & feet ) was good , the space felt dirty and cramped . their prices are lower than other spas but i will not come back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it looks sketchy from the outside but ti 's actually a decent place - a little small , but fits several people and the massage rooms are fine , with nice relaxing music playing . i go regularly and get the saint kateri package - you get a pedicure or manicure , massage ( they 're really strong ! ) and facial for $ 80 plus tax . it 's a great deal and they do a good job !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here for a pedicure and massage . i was a walk-in and the staff was very sweet and accommodating . the pedicure was good given that it only cost $ 35 for a spa pedicure . no complaints with that . the massage was incredible . i 've been for quite a few massages , and this was the best i 've ever received . i will definitely be back for this service . the decor could use an upgrade and the place did n't seem to be very clean . in spite of this though , i would recommend for the price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the website makes the place look a lot nicer than it actually is . it looks old and needs a good upgrade . when we arrive , one of the lady was just eating and the kitchen is right across one of the massage room ... which is kind of tacky ... the ladies were trying their best , but we both had hot ( burning ) towels thrown on our back ... super weird . not a relaxing outing but we left the place laughing about this experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the girls here do an incredible job . the prices are very low for the wonderful treatments you can get . whenever i go for the st kateri package ( 45 min massage , facial and mani or pedi for 79 dollars i believe ) i walk out feeling so relaxed and like a million dollars . this is my go-to spa to treat myself without breaking the bank . just the memory of how great this place is makes me melt into a luxurious puddle of relaxation : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not much of an artist , but i still find reason to pop by this conveniently-located deserres from time to time . mostly , i come here for scrapbooking supplies . they have a spacious layout and everything is easy to find . they have a good selection of different sizes styles of scrapbooks ( adhesive pages or those clear-pocket style ) , fancy scissors , photo corners , printed sheets of paper , stickers , gel pens , etc . -- everything you need to make an awesome scrapbook ! prices are a bit high compared to above ground next to ocad ago . however , they have some great sales depending on when you go . the last time i went , i stocked up on semikolon ( http : www.semikolon.com ) stationary for 50 % off . the notebooks are great quality and come in a rainbow of fun colours ! they have all your other standard art supplies too , spread out over 2 floors . staff are generally young , knowledgeable , and happy to help in any way .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love walking through this place ... although , i 'm not an artist , i can always find something to entertain the diy'er in me ! yesterday , i was there with my doberman , and we bought a variety pack of felt - let the crafting begin ! they have in store framing dept , so if you 're looking for custom framing or cut mat 's , it 's super convenient . they have large beading selection , too . dog friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "deserres ' pricing for art supplies and stationery is reasonable and the big draw for me is the staff . every single time i come into the store , i am greeted by smiley , attentive , helpful , polite people -- especially kari ! the welcoming atmosphere and easy to navigate layout make me want to return , again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favourite place for art supplies . well stocked , great staff and reward points that actually make sense .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i can not for the life of me break out of the stick figure scene but deserres really saved me this holiday season . i have 6 children to buy for and do n't have time to be running thru the insaneness that is the mall so i head to deserres and they have many gift giving options for the young , and the young at heart . whether you have a 3 year old or a 40 year old , they have many options . i also decided this year to make my own wrapping paper and the options they had were great . i highly recommend a visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have great gratitude towards the staff of deserres , especially chris and carrie ( the store managers ) and the framing department . i had a quantity of framing mats cut and the staff made sure everything was done right and that i was totally satisfied and happy . this is how service should be ! prices are competitive and their rewards program really pays off if you are a regular buyer of art supplies . they have great sales all the time , so be sure to visit often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this location today based on the reviews on yelp ... i was incredibly disappointed ! came in around 11:30 am to buy some scrapbook paper for a baby shower favour . they were re-organizing the paper section , and i tried to browse to find what i needed and keep out of the way . despite this , i was met with strange looks from a short-haired store associate . i was n't quite sure why as i was n't in the way , but i tried to smile and apologize as i picked up some sheets . i continued browsing for a few more minutes and on second thought , decided to go back for a different design of paper ( which i put back properly so the sheets would n't bend ) . as i did this , the short haired associate gave me a dirty look , and then rolled her eyes as i was walking away . i find that kind of immature behaviour and bad customer service completely unacceptable- i will definitely be taking my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here to get supplies for polymer clay . they have a good assortment of different oven baked clay . they also had dotting tools . they did n't have any clay blades or rollers . the store is a little pricey but if you register your email , you can get deals like 20 % your entire purchase during certain days . they have a lot of nice craft supplies here so it 's worth going to . the staff is really knowledgable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a pretend artist ( shhhh do n't tell anyone i 'm a fake ) , i love going into art craft stores to see what my crafty senses can come up with . this is a nice change from michael 's as it 's not cookie cutter type of store . 2 levels with the 2nd floor mainly dealing with paints , fine arts , frames etc supplies and the first floor with fancy paper type of supplies you will definitely get inspired . i found both floors to be kind of crowded but since it was n't busy when i went it was ok . there is also a register on the 2nd floor so you do n't have to go downstairs and wait in line . the staff are really friendly and will make suggestions if you need some help or inspiration . the prices are decent but i did n't see much sales . some of the stock is what you could find at other box stores but there are a lot of unique items that are catered to the artiste .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a spacious craft and art supply store in the heart of toronto 's fashion district . de serres has two floors , offering home decor , framing , and crafting supplies on the first floor . crafting supplies include fancy paper , wrapping supplies , stamping , scissors and cutting tools . upstairs there are fine art supplies , pens , pencils , frames . what i like about this place is that it caters to both the serious artist and the occasional crafter . the tools are high quality . the only downside is that for the series crafter some areas have less selection than you might like , for instance there is half an aisle of stamps , but you could have a whole store devoted to just that ! the employees are knowledgable . there is a loyalty card program .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here to check out halloween costumes . i have been to party city , dollarama , costume supercentre . you get what you pay for , the halloween costume section was soo disorganized ! empty costume bags , costumes out of bags , hats , some dresses , accessories , and hangers laying on the floor , what a disaster ! for full halloween costumes , you still pay at least 45 bucks at value village , so for a few bucks more ( and definitely worth it ) , please do n't waste your time at value village and go to party city halloween city instead where there is a whole lot more selection , better choices and a whole lot better quality and stores are clean and organized .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there 's nothing better than finding a bargain at a thrift store ; it feels like a treasure hunt . spilled some coffee on my white sweater before church and so i needed a replacement fast ! vv comes to the rescue ! i found a beautiful knitted sweater that looked and smelled just washed ( alot of people wash the clothes that they are going to donate ) but what i also found was a short sleeved knitted cardigan for $ 2.99 score ! typical of most vvs that i 've been to . i go here when i 'm in the area or when they 're having a sale .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i say if you need that odd piece of clothing this place is definitely worth a gander . staff : there was n't much staff presence . but then again i do n't think they all wear name tags uniforms so i do n't know who works here . i saw i man browsing through one of the racks and fixing the clothes so not sure if he was an employee or someone with ocd . cashier was cordial , overall it was alright . store : the aisles are narrow so it 's awkward to maneuver around . there are plenty of female clothes but very limited in men 's selection . like i said , if you are looking for that elusive item to complete your look this may have it for a cheap price . however , i 'm a medium size and they were mostly large or extra large . my partner had found what she needed but i could n't even find my size . overall , store is ok , prices are ok , men 's variety is not ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "for the other fashion thrifters out there , do not waste your time . expect to find a lot of h & m , f21 , and low end `` streetwear '' brands , that are at least 2 seasons old . any clothing that are from a good brand , namely zara at this location , are in 6 10 quality - some sort of notable wear or damage . if you 're looking for second hand aritzia , american apparel , or zara in great condition , i would recommend going to the victoria park location instead . on the bright side , this location has a plethora of dvds , books ( including issues of national geographic ) , and old school electronics .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as with all subway branches , you know what you 're going to get . food is fine , everything tastes good , and the prices are low , which tends to attract me when i want a small , good value lunch . however , i 've found service to be slow , even at less busy times . for a fast food joint , this is n't good enough . hopefully they can improve , as i 'll likely be in the area needing a quick lunch again in future !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quick and easy lunch ... toppings tend to be lacking ... never too busy", "score": "3"}
{"review": "subway is an excellent sandwich shop . the sandwiches which are aptly called a footlong are so full ingredients and you get to pick them yourself . you can choose any filling and any mixture of salad and dressing . if a footlong is too much for you to handle you can have a 6 sub , everyday they have a special offer \u00a31.99 for 6 sub of the day and you can still choose all your salad etc , its a great , cheap filler up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a huge fan of subway , but this particular branch never seems to have all the ingredients ! if they 've not run out of all-but-one type of bread , it 's lettuce , or it 's chicken . i mean come on guys ! help me out here ! ! plus i 've always noticed that this particular subway is used by all the schoolkids in the area , so is always busy and is always messy . there is a brilliant one mere 10mins walk away - it 's worth it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would not recommend this office to anyone . they have the rudest , most uncaring staff , i have ever come across in any business . they will not call you when results are in , from tests , or insurance t , even though they say they will . they wo n't return your calls . they do n't send things in to insurance , and when you pester them enough , then end up sending wrong or incomplete information . kira , the assistant to the assistant , is so rude and incompetent we have had to move on to a different doctor . i give this place no stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff here are rude and incompetent . i had an appointment i made for my sick elderly mother , which they canceled . when i asked why they said something about overbooking . they did not even call me to tell me it was canceled ( even though i was the one who made the appointment ) . they called my mom 's phone ( who is too sick to answer ) and they refused to use my phone number as the number to call ( even though i have power of attorney ) . when you call to make an appointment a voice recording tells you no one is available to take your call and to leave a message and someone will call you back within 24 hours . i tried that twice and no one ever called back . i finally got someone in their office on the phone who called me an asshole . the last time my mom saw this doctor he did not resolve her medical issue . very bad experience all around . look somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got here early filled out paperwork . assistant took me early and asked me pre-questions . i feel if you come early like 15 minutes and the dr still does n't come out after 30 minutes , there 's issues", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not go here ! dr. sud has terrible bedside manners . she talks over you and does not listen to anything you have to say ! this office will not let you change doctors either . so , you will be stuck with a terrible doctor . you have been warned ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great dr and great skills . a++ i am a real patient and sorry to read the bad reviews so i had to post my own experiences . i have had severe gi issues for 10 years ( 1980s ) and then endometriosis , i had my gallbladder removed and then breast cancer in 2012 . dr ryan fauble was one of the best gi drs i have seen in the past 30 years ( since i was 20 ) . he sent me to a top notch surgeon . over the past 4 years i have returned a couple of times . the pa brian is also really good , nice and professional . they even called in an rx for me one time . i am due for colonoscopy ( because i 'm 50 ) and next month dr fauble is going to check out my upper gi acid reflux as well . excellent service , skills and treatment . even if i had a staff get a bit rude ( which i have not in the 4 years i have been going there ) - who cares ? the dr skills are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. fauble is an amazing doctor ! he takes the time to listen to you and does not rush you . he is the only one to figure out what was wrong with me and i had been seeing many different doctors ! he is ana amazing doctor and i highly recommend him to all of my family and friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this office is incredible ! when i first visited 4 years ago , i was in a really difficult state . i was 18 years old and just got diagnosed with ulcerative colitis , and was really sick . dr sud has been nothing short of amazing during a really tough time in my life . she truly cares about me , is extremely knowledgeable , and always has my best interest in mind . i would highly recommend dr. sud and his office to anyone going through gastrointestinal issues . thanks dr. sud !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an appointment at 9am , waited in waiting room for an hour and a half until finally getting called back . asked for water and was sent to gas station across the street . extreme waste of my time ! several people called before me that had arrived 30-45 min after me . very unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this office . i have only seen dr. kaiser once , i usually see the np brian wortzel . the front desk staff is friendly and accommodating . i can usually get an appt scheduled within 2 weeks which is great , other gi docs i had in the past had 6-8 week waits . np brian is very friendly and thorough . he always takes the time to explain my treatment plan . brian 's assistant , kira , is great . she calls with followup information from tests promptly and if i call with a question- she responds within 24 hours . i love that they have a patient portal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. sud is an egotistical , uncaring wannabe doctor with a superiority god complex , who only hears what she wants to hear , and offers absolutely no solution . once she has it in her head that she knows what your underlying issue is , she will not allow for even the possibility that she could be incorrect . she has the bedside manner of a dead fish . if you are looking for help , please i implore you for your own health , definitely look elsewhere . this `` doctor 's office '' is completely useless and counter-productive if you actually want to diagnose your illness and treat it . she is a pill pusher to the fullest and truest extent of the term , with no regard for your health and personal well-being .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jo gave excellent service and took the time to explain my test results to me and put me at ease ( lol ) ! ! this is the kind of person who needs to be right where she is in the medical field ! ! ! what a wonderful representative of dr. kaiser and his business ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the worst salon i have ever been too . the stylist spent the whole time talking about how drunk she was the night before and how she was n't feeling well . when i left the salon she did n't show me my whole cut and when i got home i realized that there was a 2 inch difference from the left side length to the right . when i emailed management a picture of my hair , i never got a response . it took me over 6 months to finally have my hair fixed from her cut . it was unbelievable . i would never recommend this salon to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when i first moved to madison years ago , i was really nervous that i would n't find the help i need for my hair loss problems . my hair loss has always been a moving target ... i never know when it 's going to get worse , or how it 's going to make me feel . finding lindsey at whitney hair & wellness basically saved my hair and my sanity . through the years , lindsey 's helped put microlinks in my hair when i was feeling bold enough to go without a wig , and customize affordable hair pieces and wigs for me when i was ready for that step . she 's responded immediately to help when i have a crisis ( like accidentally dying my hair piece black ... ugh ) and keeps me laughing and focused on what 's really important . for any women in the area who are experiencing hair loss and interested in a new hair loss solution , i strongly recommend lindsey .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "laura does my mother 's hair at whitney 's , and my mother is always happy with the result , so when i came home for the holidays , i set up an appointment with kelly . she did a great job with my hair , it was pleasant to be in her chair . i had a good experience over all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just went there last week and i have no complaints . i made the appointment online and it was super easy to schedule . the place is a little hard to find but eventually you can find it . it 's in one building filled with multiple salons . but kelly did my hair and she was extremely nice and chatty . i told her what i wanted and she made it happen . they also did n't nickel and dime me or add on any surprise prices . will be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "much shorter wait time in the front waiting room compared to the main , general spine clinic just around the corner in the medical complex . the best aspect of this surgical facility is the short wait before being sent back for pre-operation surgical procedure . the wait time is significantly shorter , which is a welcome change . it is also a surgical medical facility , so more standard procedure that is more common in what i assume is the typical surgery centers . but at all times , i felt at ease and in good hands at the care of all the experienced nurses and surgical staff . while waiting , they play movies so you and your ride is as entertained and least bored as possible . 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here multiple times for spinal cortisone injections . all of the staff i encountered have been nice and professional . i never had to wait long to be taken back and procedures done . they always call the next day to check up on me . once i had what i assumed was some one in training try to do my iv , being a nurse i could see they were n't confident in their skill , of course they could n't get the vein . the nurse in duty took over and had it in quickly and painlessly . i would recommend this facility .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "arrived at 8:30 am for surgery . was told i was first because i 'm diabetic , but they still made me wait for 3 hours before surgery began . there 's always a long wait here . it appears as though they either have no management or that they are totally inept in their ability to manage a schedule . a lady just walked in at 12:45 for a 1:00 appointment and they told her it would be at least a 3 hour wait ... ..they left !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best surgery center i have ever been to ! the staff is very caring and professional . they always go out of their way to make sure you feel at ease . they 're great with ivs too so that is a plus . the wait time is much shorter than what it was before as well . definitely worth the wait , regardless !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst surgery center i have been to . i waited an hour and never received any new pt forms to fill out . i feel the staff is unprofessional two younger men came up front swearing i 'm glad my kids were in the car and did not hear all the f and s words while another employee was continuing to come to front desk with gloves on which is against osha", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is my first trip to an ambulatory surgery center and it was a pleasant surprise . the staff was friendly , the nurses were extremely helpful caring , and the physicians made me feel reassured that i would receive the best care possible . overall , there was some wait but there are n't many places that i do n't have to wait , especially for a medical appointment . the front desk staff kept me updated when i asked about how long it would take . it took a little longer then i had expected but considering their care to attention , i would much rather wait then be sped through the procedure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the absolute worst place ! been here a few times and more ofter than not the wait is usually about 2 hours . the last time i was here my appt was at 1215 and i did n't leave until after 4 ! today when i checked in i was immediately told the wait could be up to 2 hours . what is wrong with this place ? if you miss an appointment at some offices you are charged a fee so maybe if doctors office start running so late they should offer a discount !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great facility for outpatient procedure . the staff was very friendly , the doctors are experienced , and the recovery time was not long at all . i would highly recommend this facility !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "are you kidding me with this place ? my friend was getting a procedure which involved being put under so he had made an appointment . when we arrived he was told it would be over a two hour wait . trying to reschedule was something they could not do , they could only cancel . the guy whom i am guessing was a replacement so if people got angry they would n't be yelling at a female , was nice enough and not to blame but still , unacceptable . one guy left , clearly agitated , and cursing , ca n't blame him . if the door could have been slammed it would have been hanging from the hinges . we had to stay , and awhile it was . i do not applaud your system , it is flawed , will any attempt be made to improve this ? your ball .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an excellent surgery center where the patient is their top priority ! had a minor problem yesterday because i did not understand . they wake a patient up for the patients safety if the patient is still asleep longer than usual . which apparently i was . which does make sense as i had not slept well the night before . still the best surgery center vegas has to offer . management makes themselves available to address any issues a patient may have . keep up the good work ! ! ! at least this surgery center does address issues that come up with any business while others just choose to turn a blind eye . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's ok for the $ ... . but nothing to rave about ! i make a better sub sandwich at home ... and the `` fresh '' fruit cup is never fresh ! ugh i hate a dirty looking crew too ! employees need to clean up", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is so freaking good . i 've only ever ordered one item and that 's the veggie sub . maybe sometime i 'll try the cheese one but if it ai n't broke ... the mayo is the best i 've ever had . i love their ice . great ice . the patio is misted . the decor is fun . totally worth the drive if you 're in a 7.5 mile range .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "iceberg lettuce ! iceberg lettuce ! really ! ? they need to consider upgrading to finer vegetation . and to make the sandwich worse , the tuna fish was swimming in mayonnaise . wtf is this $ hit ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "old is right . this place should close . i 've tried this place several times over the last several years and every time i have been disappointed . i 'm not sure why i 'm so lucky but 3 times i have found hair in my sandwich yuck . let 's just say that ended my lunch . they definitely need hair nets on the workers . blech ! next time i 'm calling the health dept !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to the sub shop today for lunch . i split the chicken salad sandwich with my friend . the bread was hard and tasted not fresh and did n't have very much chicken . we told the owner she said that 's how they received the bread when they received the order , but besides that the sandwich was perfect . so she was aware of the bread being hard , but was still selling it ? ? ? she offered to give us a discount on our next order , ok so why not give us the discount immediately . my friend and i definitely were not satisfied with the service or sandwich .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "$ 6.01 bought me a d e l i c i o u s foot long tukey sandwich , a bag of chips and a soda , it was the daily special . cheap eats !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually get the italian ( sometimes half instead of whole ) with a drink and cole slaw . it 's really yummy . definitely more meat in a sub than i 'm used to and the vinegar with oil is a great mix with the meats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visiting the sandwich . sandwich was ok considering the tomatoes could have been fresher . upon my last bite , i found a tiny baby roach crawling in my wrapper . i will never return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty solid sub shop located close to the state capitol . the area is pretty sparse on food establishments ; i am sure you could get something a little more refined downtown ... but why deal with the parking and people ? i ordered the italian sub and i would definitely recommend ! the combination of quality meat and cheese was the highlight . the portion would feed a very hungry person ! the italian dressing was also very good with a sweet yet herb-y kick . the only negative was the roma tomatoes were under-ripe and cut too thick . potato salad side was average ... next time i 'll just pick out something from the vast assortment of chips .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple of times to eat . rough neighborhood with lot 's of homeless hanging around , make sure your doors are locked . food is average and pricey for a place like this . service is okay , but can be very overwhelmed during lunch rush.. not a bad place , just do n't go in with too many expectations ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this cute little joint ! try the meatball it 's the best i 've ever had but do n't take it to go because it will get soggy eat it there ! italian is good too ! the have the best ice it is shaved and that may not matter but i am an ice snob because i always eat my ice : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time customer . this place is right down the street from my work so i figured i would check it out . i asked for their anniversary sub special , which is turkey , ham and cheese . i asked for them to leave the ham off the sub ( not i big deal right ? ! ? ) the girl taking my order says well that 's a different sub all together . really , you ca n't just leave the ham off ? ! after going back and forth a few times i told her i would just take the damn ham off ! unbelievable ! this place is way overpriced for what you get and the food is not even all that . the staff blew me away at how rude they were ! not a good experience and i definitely will not be returning !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! they have the best subs in town . i would definitely recommend the meatball sub or the pastrami ruben . they also have refreshing salads that are great in this hot arizona summers and they delish daily soups . it gets super packed during lunchtime so i would recommend calling in an order and picking it up if you do n't want to wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if only the food were as good as the atmosphere . this place has tons of character . it 's small but lively . the staff is really friendly as well and that 's always a plus . problem is that the subs are nothing special . they taste like anything i could make at home in 5 minutes or less . when i end up going i feel like there is way too much bread like one of those pre made grocery store subs . also the prices are high . it 's really close to work but honestly the des building down the street has a cafeteria that does subs on thursdays . quality is the same , des portions are about 50 % bigger and with chips and drink it 's still about half the price .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered a turkey and cheese sub on a whole wheat sub bun with the works . it was nice and fresh at a reasonable price . i would have liked some onions though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoy the old station ! the subs are tasty and filling and reasonably priced , and i have not yet found one i do n't like . the soups are excellent ! my favorite is the home made tomato soup , but their clam chowder is awesome as well . a far cry better than the & ^ & they serve in the des cafeteria !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only wish the indoor dining area was bigger . fast service , tasty food , affordable experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it takes somthing special to make a good veggie sub , most places jut take a normal sub and throw away the meat , and some times if you are lucky add an avacado . this was the case here . just some lettuce pickle tomato and cheese . the bread and cheese were decent but overall the sandwitch lacked any insperation , sprouts , a pesto , grilled portobello etc would have been nice ways to add some flavor and substance , alas , my quick meal selection left me disappointing and hungry and the price was aceeptable at ~ $ 6 but not great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go here for lunch pretty much once a week because it is convenient to my workplace . if you work in downtown phoenix , particularly in the area around the capitol and have not stopped here for lunch you are missing out ! this is not a fancy place with balsamic bars or 14 kinds of mustard . it is a pretty no frills quick lunch but the sandwiches are great . it gets busy at noon time so i go earlier , around 10:45 to 11 and rarely wait more than 3 to 5 minutes to order . there is a daily special and a soup of the day . the soups are hearty and delicious . they also make sun tea which makes this southern girl smile ! if you are looking for a simple , quick lunch for about $ 9 this is a great option .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "old station is a really solid choice for sandwiches - and we are sandwich snobs . there is a reason this place has been open for so many years . they have simple , good quality consistent sandwiches at a great price . this is a colorful , local and fun place with great food . what 's not to love here ? we always receive excellent service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sub place in town . nothing else to be said besides that bold statement .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small little place to eat near the capitol . i would never had tried this if a friend had n't suggested it . so glad she did . she loves the veggie sub but i got the tuna as a wrap . you can make any sandwich a sub . great for vegetarians too ! ! ! ! not bad but great place to grab a quick bite . you might see some colorful people outside since it 's downtown and a lot of ghetto around , but try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an amazing veggie sub -- the only item i 've had here because i am so in love with it ! whenever i am in this area ( always job-related ) this is my # 1 lunch stop . in the interim , i 'll dream of my favorite sub sandwich from many miles away ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of subs to pick from , friendly staff , place is packed during lunch from all the government office around it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place could use a cleaning of not only the restaurant , but staff as well . made a visit for the first time , which is also our last . the gentleman behind the counter was attempting to take our order , but had two ladies in the back yelling at him for various reasons . we placed our order , and were interrupted prior to completing the 2 order by one of the ladies . she staring yelling at the guy to send our order back . he ignored them and proceeded with the 2nd half of our order . the lady comes to the counter to try to take the first order , which he explained we were not done . after completing the order , the other lady yelled that they could be almost done making our food if he had sent it back . no one in there had a pleasant attitude . if you have drama handle it else where . all in all the food tasted just like the place looked and the lack of customer service or professionalism left it unappealing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in after my internship the exterior is cute and quaint it looks as if it has been there for quite some time inside looks pretty much the same the menu is small but you 're sure to find something to eat i got the daily special which was an italian sanny the meat , cheese , oil and vinegar were all really good the bread was also very good i really enjoyed the sandwich , which came with mac salad and a soda i was surprised by the o.s.s.s and i will be going back to try the other meal options the workers were very nice and quick", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really the only spot in the area , but that does n't take away from the quality . get the daily special and you ca n't go wrong .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . i work near the capitol , and it 's my favorite place to grab a quick lunch . they work quickly , their ingredients are always fresh and they pack my half sub full of goodness . the staff is kind , and though there is limited seating inside , there is plenty of seating outside if you do n't mind the weather . i would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great place for a wrap or sand which downtown ! chicken salad is amazing ! oil & vinegar on anything & the bread is so good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to stop for lunch in phoenix . if you are in a hurry you can quickly get your order to -go , but if you have time i would recommend enjoying the atmosphere to escape the surrounding concrete jungle for an hour . the restaurant used to be an old gas station , and there is a lot of cool historical pieces adorning the walls . the sandwiches are far better than any freaky bread meat you would get at subway , and the veggies are always very fresh and the rolls are to die for . i would also highly recommend getting a dessert pastry like the rice krispy treats . they sell out fast and i usually take a few back with me to the office to cheer up my coworker or brown nose my boss ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is sooooooo much better than the nearby state cafeteria . in fact , the cafeteria failed inspection a bunch of times until it finally was closed for a few days last year to clean up . old station lunch is decent and filling ; about equivalent to subway . i do n't get all the rave reviews . i 've worked near the capitol for over ten years and only choose old station if i 'm very hungry and do n't feel like driving .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not the best subs i ever had , but definitely a satisfying and quick lunch ! i had a veggie sub ( extra cheese ) which i have eaten before and it is delish every time ! there is something about thinly shredded lettuce and mayo that when combined , it is like the force . i also had the cheddar and broccoli soup which is creamy and not over-doing it like i have experienced time and again with that flavor of soup . i do n't usually drink a lot of soda , but when i do , ice is super important and they have this slushed ice that makes the soda so worth the extra calorie and sugar intake ! i am occupied by all the antique nfl memorabilia while waiting for my order and the staff is super friendly ! if you are in the area and need a bite to eat , stop in , it is worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent and unique little place right off a very drab cemetery . the salads are amazing and huge ! very generous portions . soups are homemade and priced to sell . delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "family-owned and operated , quality ingredients ( dynamite bread ) , fast friendly service , cool location ... you ca n't go wrong here and i will most certainly return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so many things wrong with this place it boggles the mind . 1 ) the place is disgusting . 2 ) they have old toilets in the parking lot , garbage everywhere , the place is filthy . 3 ) there is a shanty town of homeless people right next door with several just kind of laying around out front . 4 ) their sourdough bread is literally just taken from a bag like you get at a supermarket which causes you to put your fingers through it after they soak it with mayo . 5 ) the staff while friendly is also pretty bad looking . no hairnets , people are all tattooed up like they just got out of prison . 6 ) i bought 3 sandwiches and 3 bags of chips , it was over 25.00 - lol what ? 7 ) there is almost no parking because the owners ca n't be bothered to put in parking lines . 8 ) their website has no online ordering and looks like it was created in 1996 and hosted with geocities . i would n't send my worst enemy to this hole .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really want to like this place , because this is the only decent eatery for government employees in that area . but i am still not warmed up to its subs after 8 months . i like the chicken wild rice soup ( wed only ) though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not impressed and we wo n't go back . my son nearly broke his teeth on the olives . they still had the pits in them . service was also slow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing pizza ! i would have to say it is the best pizza in the west island ! highly recommended ! very thin crust and good quality ingredients", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure of trying this place last night with a bunch of friends . the owner of the establishment also makes the pizzas , and let me just say that they are fantastic . the resto has a nice comfy feel to it and an open concept kitchen so you get to see all that pizza twirling and all that magic . we started started off with 2 charcuterie platters that came with prosciutto , olives , artichokes , smoked cheese , bocconcini , hot soprassata and some foccacia . the waiter was very helpful and kept all our glasses filled with some beautiful red wine . we ordered tortellini rose to share and a pizza with tomato sauce , mozzarella and sopressata . the tortellini were good but the sauce ... wow , a generous portion i might add . the pizza was thin crust nicely cooked and the sopressata was nice and spicy , it complimented the pizza perfectly ! after 3-4 bottles of fantini , we were filled to he rim with joy and great food ! i suggest everyone try this place out . i know i will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place to eat pizza with friends or with family members . went to this place twice with my kids and they loved it . pizza is crisp and not greasy . nice menu with children portions . open kitchen concept - very nice decor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "patty , your therapy was instrumental in getting me back to my love - trail running . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "patty is incredibly professional and understands trigger point and deep tissue massages . her services are tailored towards your needs . i 've been a competitive athlete most of my younger days and her ability to get the deep knots and kinks out are amazing . i highly recommend her as she 's thorough and ensures the customer obtains the best massage possible . the service was for patty 's ultimate sports massage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "patty has been my massage therapist since 2010 . her deep tissue work is phenomenal . very well targeted to trigger point areas , and i trust her judgment on the amount of pressure . she has a gentle , healing nature , and as a bodyworker myself , i appreciate her detailed knowledge of anatomy and physiology . i have referred several friends to her , and they are very pleased with her work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "patty is amazing ! i 've been looking for a well rounded massage therapist that can carry the workload of both relaxing and deep tissue therapy ! if you 're an athlete and looking for someone to ensure you can give it 100 % everyday without fear of injury than patty will get you there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to patty for a few years now and her work is top notch . i have strayed away by purchasing groupons closer to me but am always disappointed . i 've found that each of my massages are compared to patty 's and because of that , they all are a let down in comparison . her knowledge about what my body is doing and where the tension is coming from is incredible . the ambiance is relaxing and professional ( unlike many of the groupons i 've gone to . ) even though i have 'cheated ' on her from time to time i always find myself going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great variety of ice cream . the service could be better as the employees could be friendlier . i tasted the snickers and caramel turtle truffle and both were awesome . not icee or hard .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had coupons from the entertainment book , so thought , what the heck i 'm always down for a deal . however , i do n't think i 'll be returning to this location . the high school age girls working here had serious attitude both times i went . my fiance asked if the peanut butter sauce was good and she just stared at him and said , `` i guess '' . for the price , the two sundaes we got were so small . there was no outside seating . there are so many local ice cream shops around town , like udder delights , that are so much better ( service , value , taste ) that we have no need to go here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "granted this is a chain.. but damn ! the staff here is absolutely incompetent and they test my patience in every way known to mankind . although the promotional specials are prominently displayed in the store when you ask the employees about them they look at you as if you are speaking a foreign language . on two occasions i tried to get order those waffle cone dippers ; the first time the staff had no clue what i was talking about until i pointed to the poster and then they realized they were out of the waffle chips . the second time the dude knew what i was talking about but said he did n't know if they were out of the waffle chips or just could n't find them ... what ! i swear these people are martians .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "took my little here last night for her free birthday ice cream cone , because she 's a member of the baskin robbins birthday club . i sincerely do n't understand the negative reviews ! ! the place was spotlessly clean , the music was n't too loud , and the teenage boy working behind the counter was friendly and even wished my daughter a happy birthday ! perhaps my only criticism was that there is n't an option to add a tip for the counter employee on the receipt , and i never carry cash anymore , so i could n't tip the friendly counter employee ! yes , i would come back here in a heartbeat , in fact i plan on it . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only one kid slinging scoops tonight ... bummer management let that happen . add the fact that the in-store temp is about 90 degrees . gon na be the last time we choose this over water n ice ... too bad cuz i worked at baskin robbins in high school .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "under new ownership and it shows ! ! the new owners are so friendly and kind ! the interior is beautiful and new and oh so clean ( not like before ! ! yuck ! ! ) . so happy the kids talked me into stopping . we completely stopped coming in here ; tired of rude employees , poor service and dirty store . complete turn around ! we will definitely be back . excited to have our neighborhood ice cream shop back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went late sunday afternoon . product good . store was disgusting . think of the worst movie theater you have ever been to ( floors ) . every table was also dirty . poor employee was by himself and judging by his ice cream soaked shirt , had not seen any help in hours . 15-20 people in there and he was clearly under water .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever ! ! ! as much as i dislike dairy queen , i think i 'm going to have to go there from now on . such a mood spoiler ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came in to pick up my cake . the girl looked who looked she just rolled out of bed asked for my order name , opened the fridge them made a call for 6 min . i had to call her back over to ask what the deal was she said `` are you in a hurry or something ? '' i she said it would be another 10 min because she has to box it up . another lady showed up and i see them making it ? ? really ? ? ? ? how about some communication ! last time ever . oh did i mention it 86 degrees in here . late for my kids party and sweating", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very friendly staff . they are always willing to give the kids all of the samples that they want until they make up their mind . tuesday is $ 1 scoop night !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went here and it was fine , but i felt awful for the kid working behind the counter ! there was a very long line and he was totally alone . it was an `` after dinner `` time , so you would think management would realize that and have at least 2 people in there . there were even 3 people that walked out before getting their ice cream because they did n't want to wait any longer ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just left this place a hour ago with two pre packed containers of ice cream that has obviously melted then been re frozen it is crystallized with ice & not creamy at all it is sooo horrible ( shame on this place for selling it this way ) ... please do not waste your money on the pre packed ice cream in the freezer at this location , i did n't know the product was in this disgusting condition until i got it home and tried to serve it ... what a serious waste of $ $ $ $ $ !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place sucks . do n't ever go here . go to dairy queen or something else because the management sucks . completely understaffed , only one girl was working . i 'm never going back to baskin robbins ever again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is now under new ownership and let me say how great this location has now become ! let me first off start by saying the location had a full staff ready to take orders , the location itself had a whole new makeover and looks clean and bright ! the staff was super nice , friendly , and family owned . all their flavors were filled with no empty containers . i definitely recommend this baskin robins to have everyone give them another chance , i swore the first time i went in i would n't go back but so glad i did tonight because now we finally have a nice baskin robins near my house ! please give them a visit and give the new owners a chance : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go to this baskin robbins ! there blender never works ! im serious ! over 10 times in a past year my family has gone there to get ice cream and they can never make shakes because they say their blender is broken . then they say their back up blender is working too . i spoke to the manager about this and all he does is make excuses . never have this problem at any other baskin robbins , anywhere ! they are also often out of ice cream flavors and products suck as cakes . the place is always filthy ! they keep the open sign off at night so no one will come in . the employees all looked over worked and exhausted . the music there is terrible . this place is the worst br i 've even been too and continues to be . do n't waster your time and go here . you 'll regret it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great ice cream ! beats the heck out of other brands ! the service was also friendly and the ice cream was scooped in a timely manner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new owner ! store was extremely clean and welcoming . nice bright colors and very welcoming . lots of choices of ice cream to choose from . the new owner himself was behind the counter . easy to talk to and very knowledgeable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff here seem to be very friendly , young and outgoing ... the problem is that the place is dirty all the time - floors , windows and tables are always dirty ... bad sign ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "twice we have experienced that they did n't have bananas for banana splits . we 've questioned the menu prices . royales cost the same as a split . a split has more ice cream and more toppings . on two occasions , this one server seems a little bored and inconvenienced . the way she prepared our desserts seems she needs retraining . they were not top notch as i expect . i will probably go to the next closest store and hope for better service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has the worst customer service ever ! it 's amazing they are still in business . gives baskin robbins a bad name .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "picked up an ice cream cake to celebrate my daughter 's 12th birthday . staff was friendly and the cake was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! yum ! so many flavors- i had 3 ! ! ! ! super friendly and fast ! i will go back to try some more ! do your self a favor and get the big size ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible customer service and out of so many flavors . wo n't waste my time or money here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "few times in my life have i experienced such terrible customer service ! ! ! ! these kids working here have not been trained properly from how to run the cash register , knowing how to make shakes , scoop ice-cream , heat hot fudge , to walking in the back leaving one person to serve more than 10 people standing in line . everytime i come there is a new kid that does n't know how to do anything and the senior employee is always in the back and wo n't come out to help ! i see people walking out frustrated everytime i stop by . jim the owner is a complete jerk , who does n't know how to run a business . ca n't they get a competent business owner in this busy store ? in saying bye to b & r and taking my business to coldstone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place smells . it 's not a clean store . i love baskin robbins but skip this place . i hope they clean it up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "highly recommend this urgent care ! doctor was excellent came in for a uti and i get them frequently he saved me for my next visit by giving me a refill ! seriously i am ecstatic about this place ! wait was fast as well ! as you can tell i 'm pretty happy about my visit this morning : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my daughter here on 4 8 17 , and the pa did very well , took his time and explained everything . after he was done , i realized it was the same provider i had previously at the location closer to our home . first time at this location as we were in a pinch and ca n't say we will be back . would have given 5 stars because of the care and service by the staff , but the neighborhood was horrible ( why we wo n't be back ) and it 's always unnerving when the police are questioning a guy right outside the door to the clinic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my 8 month old woke up running a fever and clearly was n't feeling good . took him to this urgent care before work as his dr is a bit far from me . what a mistake that was . dr said he had ear infections in both ears . due to noticing him not get better i took him to his pediatrician . she stated they did n't even prescribe him the correct medication therefore still had 1 ear infection and on top of this could n't keep any food down and a very high fever . on top of this the dr was rude , claiming i needed to suck his boogies out more often , when i do this at least 6 times daily as he has bronchiolitis . just all around a bad experience , wo n't go here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent urgent care facility and staff ! i highly recommend this team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately had to come here again due to a car accident i was in earlier in the day that resulted in major muscle pain . i did n't have an appointment and the visit was a friday night , but the staff was friendly and the wait was n't too long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. young caught an infection when that was n't even the purpose of my visit . great doctor . wait time was n't too bad . will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "basically for people who need a prescription , otherwise wait for your regular healthcare provider who wo n't check google for your symptoms after you wait 2 hours to be seen for a couple minutes and diagnosed as soon as their internet connection will allow so they can move on to their next paying customer .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr. batra is a new family doctor accepting patients . she was very attentive and informative , listened to all my concerns patiently , and gave me a very thorough examination . she 's also really nice and on time which i appreciate . i definitely recommend her for anyone looking for a new family doctor . she 's also located very close to the subway so easy to get to . the building that the practice is located in also has other labs for blood tests or x-rays in case you 're sent for one after .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a new family doctor on the subway in midtown and dr. batra was recommended by a friend whose dad has been a patient since the establishment of her practice . my family doctor had retired recently . when i went for my initial consultation she was patient and listened to all of my concerns . she was very detailed and thorough in documenting my family medical history and past medical concerns . i 've been to a few more appointments for travel consultations and a bad flu and was very happy with her level of care each time . no issues with the front desk staff as suggested by some anonymous users . i have been asked what the nature of my appointment was but that 's just to prioritize me if my appointment is urgent . the reception at any medical office handles the record keeping anyways so i do n't mind that at all . looking forward to being a patient of dr. batra and receiving personal care for a long time . excellent location as well . a very happy patient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. poonam batra is a family doctor in the rosedale neighbourhood that my daughter and i both are patients of . she is very thorough , friendly and knowledgeable . front staff has been also helpful when needed . overall , we are very happy with dr. batra .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called the office 2 days . i have nothing against the doctor ... who is now on maternity leave . the doctor practice she works with is unprofessional and does not return phone calls ... .regarding new patients..rude and unprofessional .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped by for dinner and in the mood for seafood so came here ... first off i would recommend to sit on the bar side soley for the service of erno , the bartender . he is here from culver city by la just to make the best drinks in town and provide excellent service here ! ! extremely friendly staff ! ! we started with the bread with garlic chive butter ... not a big bread person but the crispy warm bread is hard to beat to start off a meal ! ! then the cuttlefish appetizer was very tender with light crisp ... then the date with bacon appetizer is excellent ! ! sweet and good flavor ! ! main course of lemon shrimp ( good sized ) and lobster ravioli ( well done but not too much lobster taste ) , lump crab salad dinner ( very sweet flavorful lump crab ) and clams with pasta ( perfect ! ! ! ! not too heavy ... light and clams extremely flavorful with perfectly made pasta ) . boo room for desert ! ! will come back again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got back from our dinner and had to write to say how amazing cutttlefish is . finally a restaurant like this is in scottsdale . the crudo the cocktails the sardines the service the desert even the special coffee is unique and delicious . this place is so original and elegant with such delicious and clever combinations of ingredients that work perfectly . this is my new favorite restaurant and i can not wait to come back . it is rare to find a menu where you want to try everything and every dish is appetizing and enticing . i hope cuttlefish is extremely successful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place was new and might give it another try but first experience the entr\u00e9es we had were overcooked and bland dishes , servers need more knowledge , goat cheese cheesecake was really amazing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife booked this for her birthday and unfortunately we did not have a good experience at all . overall , i would like to say that all the staff was very friendly and pleasant . the decor and ambience were very nice . unfortunately the service was extremely slow , like molasses , and the staff did not seem to notice that as they never apologized or even commented about the slow service . to begin , we had waited about 20 minutes past our reservation to be seated . the service then took forever . the food was not very good . my son had the shrimp and it tasted fishy . i had the cuttlefish parmesan and it seemed tough . the mashed blue potatoes were too sweet and the presentation of it was strange ( when you see it , you will see what i mean ) . my wife had the black cod which good , but not much to it . overall , i do n't think we would return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "living in the neighborhood i was excited to see another restaurant open and give it a try . we arrived at around 7 pm and decided to sit in the bar area and try some of the unique things on the menu . i would not recommend sitting in a high-top in the bar area . the service was slow and i ordered a specialty drink and sent it back cause it tasted wrong after waiting 10 minutes for our drinks . my girlfriend ordered some oysters that were decent but some of our other choices were just not good . it is very pricey and i felt the atmosphere was a little sterile . maybe they need more time but with the amount of other amazing restaurants in the area . i will not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i met a friend here for lunch one day and loved it ! first , you see the bar once you walk in and instead of bar stools you see vespas lined up for the seating - genius ! we were seated at a table and ordered the salmon kebabs and they were fresh and delicious . the restaurant is beautiful , the service was great and the food was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we made reservations and indicated it was our anniversary . the wait staff remembered that and provided a superb italian desert at the end of the meal . that indicated the superb attention to detail . we had the tuna tartare and oysters to start . each were superb and the tuna was quite large and paired with some interesting extras . i had the branzino and my wife had the pasta nero with shrimp and scallops . it again was delicious and the pasta was homemade and the fish was served with two fillets . never seen that before . we received two complimentary glasses of wine since the server thought it took too long to serve us . however it really did n't but we appreciated her attention to detail . we will be going back even though it is almost 40 minutes to get there . being italian it is do nice to see an italian restaurant doing seafood so well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wifey came her for an elite event earlier in the week , and suggested we go eat . what a great place to get some good pasta and seafood . the menu consists mostly of italian seafood dishes , with some great sides . we had the yellowtail crudo that was very good . it had a good sweet and sour vinaigrette and great texture . i went with the spaghetti with crab , shrimp and sea urchin . it was absolutely perfect , the sea urchin giving the sauce an orange hue and that delicious briney quality i like from a good seafood pasta . wifey had the shrimp and grits ( shrimp and polenta ) that she loved . we also got a side of gnocchi for my daughter , which were awesome and perfectly tender . service was decent , and the layout is nice . i 'd definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we loved this place . the decor and ambience are fantastic , as you can see when you walk in to the oyster bar surrounded by real vespa scooters for seats . the raw bar is very tasty and the menu is chock full of excellent choices . i recommend the wreckfish , which i 'd never had , or the monkfish . both were outstanding . the drinks and wine selection is great and the staff service is excellent . we are going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "warm and inviting restaurant . love the decor . it 's restaurant week here for $ 44.00 person you can get 1 2 dozen raw oysters on the half shell or the pork underbelly . it was so good . entree : spaghetti nero with shrimp and scallops . dessert was to die for : i had the tiramisu ... my husband had the italian pudding omg ! it was so the first and best italian pudding i 've ever had . needless to say our waiter who was the bartender gave us great service . if you 're in scottsdale do n't pass up this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called the owner monday to discuss what occurred saturday evening . he was completely apologetic and professional . he asked us to give him a second chance , and make it right . bravo ! i failed to mention in my first review that my husband and i had eaten at this establishment a couple times previously , and really enjoyed the food . i 'm going to chalk this up to just a fluke .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend 's brother was in town so a bunch of us got together for hh . i 've been here once for a yelp event and have tried a few things and they were delicious . this time i wanted to try something different . as i was looking through the menu , a delicious looking plate was brought in front of me and was for a friend who ordered . immediately without hesitation i told the waiter i want that too . the entr\u00e9e was the surf and turf skewers and i loved it . it has two to three jumbo prawns , cutes of filet mignon , charr grilled , citrus herb pesto , and grilled flat bread and was $ 13 ... wait ... hh was three or four dollars less ( do n't remember exactly how much but at least three dollars less ) ... wow what a deal . irene v. was nice enough let me try the gnocchi and was heaven . btw , love their oyster bar vespa seats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fabulous restaurant ! i ca n't believe we did not come here sooner . we were greeted when we walked in by a smiling hostess who was very pleasant . we sat in one of the cute little booths that was next to the vespa oyster bar . what a great idea for an oyster bar ! gino , our server was very charming as well as knowledgeable about the food and wine . his recommendations were right on . i had the incredible filet of sole puttanesca and my friend had the pappardele pasta with some rapini saut\u00e9ed with fresh garlic and extra virgin olive oil . we shared a bottle gino recommended of a delicious chianti riserva . it paired perfectly with both dishes . dessert was an incredible molten salted caramel torte , double espressos with some sambuca that again was suggested by our server . what a finish to a fabulous meal ! food- 5 ambiance- 4 service-5 overall - 5", "score": "5"}
{"review": "total rip off $ 109 for two with no alcohol . rushed to order and rushed to leave . quality of food was average at best . limited menu offered on new year 's eve . when we made our reservations they did not tell use they would be offering a limited menu . broccoli rob was undercooked , portion of fish was very small .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband i had were very pleased with our first visit . the atmosphere is very inviting and the menu is very diversified . our server knew the menu very well , which is always a help . we both started off with the clam chowder pot pie , which was fabulous . it was a very generous portion , served with a twist . it was very filling , so we decided to order an appetizer of lollipop dates to share ... .they were delicious ... and we shared the crab and shrimp salad plate . everything was served to perfection . on our next return , we will come with bigger appetites and try their different entrees , which sounded amazing . it seemed that everyone around us were enjoying their meals , which is always a good sign !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to cuttlefish during restaurant weekend expecting them to be busy and not so attentive , but the service i received was outstanding . the servers made sure i had everything i ordered . the food was amazing . i ca n't wait to come back and try something new on their menu ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very average food especially for the cost . spending $ 29 for over cooked shrimp with some mozzarella on it was a rip off . the halibut was even worse with barely any fish and a 1 4 cup of mashed potatoes for $ 30 . plus the server dropped off our check before our dessert even came . talk about being rushed ! ! if i 'm going to spend over $ 120 for dinner for 2 at a nice seafood restaurant i would far prefer eddie v 's than cuttlefish . will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is nice and the food is good . to me though , the fact that a server can be so amazing i think he 's the owner is above and beyond . gino , you rock and i love old school service that goes above and beyond . that 's you ! why are n't you part owner ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really excited to have a new seafood restaurant in scottsdale but was very underwhelmed with the food at cuttlefish . i loved the atmosphere.. but every dish i ordered was just okay . we shafted with the king crab bloody mary cocktail.. flavor was great but crab was fishy , we had oysters which were also a little fishy , tuna appetizer was tiny and over priced . mussels were the only thing we got that was actually delicious . lobster ravioli was good but not anything too special . i will try one more time as i always give places 2 chances because you never know if they are having an off night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was there in april and it was a great dinner experience . the wait staff was very attentive and made sure we enjoyed everything the had to offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will say the service was amazing , that said , the food was not so much ! the shrimp cocktail and ice tea were really good but it went down hill from there . my wife got the sturgeon ... it was very mucky and fishy . also the potatoes and beans that came with it were terrible . i got the $ 34 shrimp and lobster ravioli ... the shrimp were friend like friend chicken , which ruined perfectly amazing shrimp . the ravioli was overcooked and hard . the sauce also broke . overall not worth $ 123.00", "score": "2"}
{"review": "amazing ! this was our first time here and we got the date special . the food was out of this world and the service was even better . our server was gino and he knew everything about the menu and made us feel right at home . to say the least we will be coming back once a week ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had dinner , pricey and just ok . the caesar salad was mediocre and anchovies were $ 2 extra ? ? ? ? the waiter said they were white italian anchovies and very expensive . this is a new one for me . the tortellaci were excellent and my petrale sole was very good . service was excellent as very few tables were occupied . it was quiet ( no loud music or kitchen noise ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place . had the squid ink pasta and linguini nero . awesome . my server , gino , was awesome . he helped me pair my meal with a nice red blend wine from the family vineyard of the owner . just a great meal and great time here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent evening of food atmosphere service.best black ink spaghetti and oyster on half shell since leaving good old n.y.gino my waiter a real gem .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i regret to say i do n't remember the name of our amazing server . we did sit at the bar because it was as close to a vespa as i was going to get . the servers work as a team and provide excellent service . while the service was impeccable i am more interested in how good the food is . you get what you pay for . the food is high quality and yes it is expensive . the menu is classic with a touch of creativity that never overpowers the actual seafood , which is important . i do n't like seafood with pasta and my fianc\u00e9 does not like lobster , yet we both thought it was absolutely amazing . this is my first review ever on yelp and i think that says something . we will be celebrating our valentines dinner here soon and i am really looking forward to it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gino was our waiter and despite the fact that he is from new york , he made us feel special even if we are from boston . the food was out standing . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service they even accommodated our group of 16 and handled us with friendly and prompt service . the chef even created a gluten free dish . nice to know they understood gluten free", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for my anniversary a . because i love seafood and b . because it was on the list for restaurant week . $ 40 per person sounded like a great deal ! it was my first time here and i was n't all that impressed . i like the laid back atmosphere and the staff is friendly but the food portions are a joke . i am not sure if it was just because it was a special menu ? ? either way the amount of food we got was not worth $ 40 . it did n't even taste all that great . maybe the prices are so high to cover the cost of flying their seafood in 6 days a week but for me it was n't worth it . we left hungry and went home and ate . it was an experience to say the least .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow , still waiting for our food . had a six p.m. reservation and were seated at 6 . food arrived at 7:22 . aweful service . my ravioli was bland but very large . my husband order the seafood linguine , it was very nice . not a place i would recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was a bit uneven . they did n't have many of the wines on their wine list , which was a bit strange . the food was pretty good . background music in the restaurant was too loud and impeded conversation . all of that said , this is a pretty good restaurant that just needs to correct a few small things .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service was excellent ! try the stuffed pork chop it was amazing . ask for tracy he took great care of us . for the dessert try the chocolate caramel souffle it was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for the first time and what a treat . it 's wednesday night and live music half off oysters and both were fantastic . entre was recommended by my server was excellent . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i just went to cuttlefish recently and had a wonderful time . we had the wreckfish and verlasso salmon for entrees and bay scallops for appetizers . everything was outstanding . the fish was very fresh and extremely tender -- no fishy taste at all and very well complemented by the fresh vegetables and artichoke sides . the service was very quick and attentive and we really liked the atmosphere . we are definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very delicious creatures of the ocean ! the pasta plates are big enough portions to share with a friend . i recommend this since the plates are kind of expensive , that way you can go halves on the price . they also bring out this tasty fresh bread with yummy garlic butter while you wait on your meal . definitely going back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best food i 've had in years . a group of us were there for a conference , from northern california . i had the salmon . we had appetizers , a full plate of italian desserts , red wines , etc . gino was our waiter and he was great . if you 're in scottsdale , try cuttlefish . it really was amazing salmon - could not have been cooked more perfectly , practically melted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food , service and ambience was awesome ! if you can , ask for gino , he was an amiable and fantastic server . definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was seen immediately , with absolutely no wait ! the staff was very nice and it really was the best uc experience i 've ever had and i usually dread going to uc . thank you for helping me to get back on the road to recovery .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was lovely and efficient . i was in and out in no time and off to pick up my persecution . thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no wait and very helpful staff . had to come back about a week later for myself and another sick kid , again no wait and very friendly and helpful staff . will return if in need of urgent care in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful care ! no one in front of me . they registered me in a ny minute . the nurse and nurse practitioner were so friendly and sympathetic . the nurse practitioner was so gentle examine me as it was such a painful problem . she dx my problem quickly . send in required prescriptions to my pharmacy before i walked out . she also knew what my problem was and 4 days before i saw my pcp for the same problem and she misdiagnosed , put me on a medication that had lots of side effects for no good reason . i highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saw desiree williams pac this afternoon . wow ! ! i felt my own doctor wasnt listening to me and i was in some pain this afternoon ! not only did she listen , she came up with a plan of action ! ! she spent time with me . she was kind and very receptive to my thoughts . the whole staff was efficient and pretty awesome ! they see you quickly and they really do care about you ! just an all around great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice . both times were fast and easy . they 're all friendly and caring . the provider gave me treatment options and let me be involved in the final decision .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome the staff friendly , helpful and efficient . no waiting time when i got there filled out paperwork went straight back provider was in the exam room with 5 minutes . i stepped on a thorn on thursday went to a different urgent care on friday they said my foot was fine even though my foot was swollen , red and could n't walk on it by saturday i could n't even touch it , it was so painful . i went to express urgent care the provider said yes , indeed an infection gave me a antibiotic shot , anti inflammatory injection and a tetanus as i did n't remember the last time i received one within 2 hours i can walk on it , the swelling has went down its already 80 % better . i would always recommend ! ! great job guys ! ! thank you , thank you , thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i checked out yelp reviews when searching for a nearby urgent care and saw this one was close and had a 5 star review . i am letting folks know i also had a 5 star experience . i was promptly greeted , registered by professional and smiling staff ! i was seen quickly and was evaluated and referred to del web hospital ( i will not be giving del web er a high rathing ... slow , inefficient , etc ! ) for further testing . when visiting here again i will certainly return to this facility and know i will have excellent and professional service . kudos to desiree-pa-c , dave-ma , blain-ma and milica-ma !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in and out in an hour . front desk , nurse and physician all very nice . physician took time to listen and explain treatment . waiting room and exam room clean . definitely will be my go to urgent care if ever needed again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to go to urgent care today because wanted to check up on my ankle because it was still hurting since my sprang ankle from 2 months ago . i looked online first to look at reviews and saw this one had very good reviews and was really close by . i called in to make sure they where able to help the gentlemen on the phone was very informative and answered all my questions before i went in . sure enough as soon as i walked into the door i was greeted . the gentlemen there was very friendly and helpful i wish i would have remember his name . but once he reads this he will know who he is . while i was signing all the papers he gave my daughter color papers to keep her busy . and after the visit gave my daughter stickers cause she was good during the visit even though i was there for myself . lol . i would definitely go back . and take my entire family there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i got a message from the owner after he saw my review , and he asked to give it another try . i did ( did n't tell him i was going to cause that would defeat the purpose ) , and i think the place has definitely improved . i would go back here to eat . prices have n't increased and the menu has been updated . there are some new things to try and the staff seems to have gotten larger an more attentive . i recommend it for a quick lunch or a dinner that wo n't break the bank : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owners are very friendly and they know how to make the customer feel welcomed . they have many t.v . 's to watch sports . you can tell that the chips are freshly made . the chips they provide do n't have a lot of salt , which is always a plus . the food is the one of the best authentic mexican foods you can get in the champaign area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as others have noted , this place is the old mas amigos . the food is quite similar to mas amigos even though the menu has changed . many employees are the same , which is to their benefit . i 'm proud to say i 'm a regular . this place has excellent tacos mexicanos . the pastor is probably the best i 've had anywhere . in fact , everything i 've had on the menu has been quite good . before the switch , this was a great margarita place , with incredible prices . i ca n't speak to neither the price , nor the quality of the margaritas at present . this place remains my favorite of the chambana mexican restaurants . minor transition issues caused me to give 4 and not 5 stars , but i will revise it upward once the kinks are out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had lunch carry out today and the food was great , the service was fantastic and i look forward to dining in soon . the chips and salsa are my favorite in town so far , and i am a total chip snob !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh man what happened ? ? ? this place used to be awesome . now it has all changed and it is terrible ! i will never return unless it changes back . no more complimentary chips and salsa ? no fountain soda ? no dining service ? ! it was wonderful as an actual restaurant . now it is unorganized , confusing , and honestly unappetizing . change back don juan and my family and i will return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there a couple weeks ago with a friend from out of town . they had a ton of tvs to watch the nba finals game and the world cup matches in any direction . ( since we 're sports fans , it was perfect ! ) the owner came out to speak to us on several occasions to check on how things were going and make menu recommendations . food was great . i had the carne asada and my friend had a torta that was so generous in portion size that he took half of it home . have been back a couple times since and it 's been a consistently good time . we were told about the management change and the owner seems like he 's eager to receive input to make things customer focused , as well as a spot for locals to truly enjoy . i think he 's on the right track ... and i 'll keep bringing my friends back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , i have no idea how this place is still open . their food is below par and service is as well . the best thing we ordered was the lily margarita . the server was extremely pushy , however , he failed to bring us the correct tortillas that we ordered and was not on top of our regular drinks or chips . we ordered a super burrito and chicken fajitas . the food was edible , however , neither item came with sour cream , guacamole or anything of the sorts . the super burrito did not come with any sides . the fajitas did not come out sizzling and looked as if it had just been microwaved . we ordered flour tortillas , however , received corn ( which looked old ) . had to ask another server for the correct tortillas , which took awhile to receive . the atmosphere was completely chaotic ... there was no sense of professionalism nor order to the restaurant . the back wall was not even painted and was just bare drywall . i would not recommend ... go to el toro .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family 's favorite mexican place in c-u , by far , since they were mas amigos at the old location on springfield in champaign . bummed about the name change , but much of the food and staff is the same , and the new owner is quite visible and interested in hearing from his guests . i am absolutely addicted to the heaping bowls of delicious , hot , freshly-made-on-site tortilla chips that they deliver to your table as soon as you sit down . and the homemade salsa is amazing . easily best chips & salsa in town , particularly compared to dos & el toro . and the food overall is excellent . we 've never had a bad meal there . the green sauce that they make from scratch is amazing , and i pour it over everything on my plate . i finish every meal by pouring the salsa over the remaining beans and rice and shoveling it all down . awesome . great drink specials and atmosphere . it 's not quite mas , but don juan still holds my affection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess this is a little too late but someone from don juan contacted me to apologize about the experience ( which i thought was a pretty good one but perhaps 2 stars does n't bode well for a business ) . he was super proactive about it : talked to the chef and offered me a re-do ( which i did n't take up ) . sorry to hear you guys went out of business . here 's a now useless but redeeming 3 stars . original review : eh , pretty good , pretty good . just nice , greasy , satisfying mexican ( and texmex ) food . you can have your pina colada come in a pineapple ! there was a hair in my food , which is fine because hair falls out . it 's what it does . but it still made me queasy . and i had the worst stomach ache after eating here . too much grease . my huarache was taking a sizzly bath . i 'm conflicted between a 2 and 3 because the food was decent . the consequences , not so much . but that pina colada ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is super delicious and the staff is always friendly ! the enchiladas are spot on . i definitely recommend the pastor on pretty much anything . if you can , try to come in on tuesdays . there are $ 1 tacos and 1 2 off margaritas . i had a mango margarita and it was the best one i have had by far . tasted fresh and was almost too easy to drink ! on top of that , the owner is really personable and really cares about his customers ' experiences . highly recommend don juan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first of all , free chips ! the place could use a little renovation . i had some tacos which were about average fare . i was disappointed that they told us all about their ice cream only to find out that they had none to serve when i actually wanted some . oh , you can celebrate birthday parties here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ever since the change of owners , the quality of the food has declined . chips are oily because they refry them using oil that is not sufficiently hot . salsa that came with chips used to be fresh but now it 's more on the brown side than tomato red . chicken enchiladas was just so so . - restaurant looked dirty . acapulco lunch meal was drenched in oil - service was quick and efficient though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food tastes good , service is good , what not to like . unlike some places the steak on the tacos is not really chewy . the salsa has good flavor . i guess they have dancing on some nights after hours but not sure when it is , i only found that out when i showed up late one night to eat , they still served food , too . i usually get the enchiladas , ask for the bottle of green sauce !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have only picked up food to go , but what i ordered was correct and pretty good . i had some issues trying to use a coupon , but the owner made everything right . i left as a happy customer and was even happier after finishing my dinner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here to watch the colombia vs uruguay world cup match and the atmosphere was really great , they had a bunch of screens ! the food ... not so great . the chips they give you for free at the beginning are addicting tho ! im giving it 3 stats instead of two because of that and the $ 2 corona special !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was good . it was busy and service was slow because of that , but it was okay . the chips are good ( mas amigos ) . i had a supreme quesadilla and it was good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not knowing mas amigos had moved we went here for dinner . confused by the short menu and lack of customer service you order at the front take a number and sit down . i ordered a margarita that tasted flavorless and with no alcohol , my food was not the greatest . cheap & quick way over priced.service was so so only 2 people working . would not return there for dinner again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "in town for business and walked to this place from my hotel . it was surprisingly good . i had chile relllenos . the poblanos were fresh and cooked properly . actually , the waiter recommended the dish . the one downer was the margarita . it was syrupy sweet , which i find disgusting . it was definitely a pre-made mix . i should have went for a corona . anyway , the cost was very cheap , the chips were fresh , and the meal was pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this restaurant has closed . see their facebook post , april 28 , 2015. https : www.facebook.com donjuan.mex i was sorry to see mas amigos go ; don juan cocina just never seemed as good !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "will the manager is always very helpful . i use this store for a lot of my business needs . will and his team is always there to assist me in my auto parts needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they 've been awesome the two times i 've been here . i needed a battery change on a car i wanted to sell . my car must have known too because the battery died the day before my trade in . the manager helped me out , sold me a gently used battery with a 30 day warranty so that i did n't have to pay full price for a fancy one . and he installed it ! talk about a knight in shining armor . dominic has also helped me too , all super nice , speedy , and incredibly helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "knowledgeable , courteous , quick ! these guys know their stuff i 've been working on cars over 40 years and i 've encountered my share of auto parts counter people who should not be doing auto parts counter stuff . these guys are well trained and willing to go the extra mile . if you need something call these guys first you 'll get it done right the first time you 're going to call them eventually , so might as well call them first .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can only refer to o'reilly as the autozone slayer . the staff in o'reilly stores do n't have the tendency to walk around like zombies and stare at customers with blank expressions . they are actually quite helpful ! i spend my money at o'reilly when i need parts . i recommend them for your diy mechanic needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this store is horrible ! we purchased an ac compressor and a warranty for the compressor two years ago . the compressor took a dump three months prior to the warranty expiration date . my son , a 16 year old kid , had to save his money to have the compressor repaired . we got an estimate two weeks prior to the warranty expiration date , but when it came time to take the compressor and trade it in for the warranty reimbursement , they would not honor it ! three days ! and we even had an estimate that the damn thing took a dump two weeks prior to the warranty expiration date ! this store does not honor warranties , but they sure do push to sell them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i 've been going to this store for years , but it 's just as easy now to go to any other auto parts store in the area ! they 're not getting any more of my business !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "decided to give this place a try based on the yelp reviews . walked in and did n't expect much . restaurant is small , decor is simple . service was friendly , everyone was pleasant and gracious . we ordered the mini chimichangas , fish tacos , carnitas tacos , wings and pollo fundido . everything was great ! that pollo fundido was insanely good ! the tacos were a little pricey ( $ 4 ) for the size . we 're visiting from l.a. ; those same tacos would normally go for about $ 1.50 - $ 2.50 back home . would definitely go back regularly if i lived here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place to go and feel relaxed . we went on a saturday night and there was awesome live music ! i would highly recommend the tri-tip nachos ! ! ! we have already been 3 times since it opened .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a disappointment ! with a 4 star rating we thought this would be a good choice . our waitress had no clue about how to do her job . she took glasses for refills and never brought them back . at one point she announced that half our food was ready and the other half would be ready in 30 seconds . she then proceeded to the bar , where my refill was waiting , and talked for 10 - 15 minutes . on her way to another table she realized our food was waiting . by the time the food made it to our table it was stone cold . a waiter for a different section stopped by our table to see how we were doing . i asked about the missing drink to which he replied `` so that 's were that drink goes . '' i ca n't give an honest review of the food . most of us did not eat even 1 2 of our dinner . i will never return and i would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great food , friendly service , worth coming back to ! fast service and they kept a good eye on us ! great overall experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love mexican food , and after reading all of the great reviews about this place i have to say i was disappointed . chips and salsa were mediocre , the signature margarita was so-so and overpriced , our food took forever to come out , and the bill was higher than what it should have been . probably wo n't be returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . the service is excellent and owner manager , peter , is great . was here tonight and they had trivia night . lots of fun . plus they will change the channel on the tv to whatever game you want to watch . happy hour goes until 730 and that is rare . the mni chimis are delicious and plenty for 2 people . the drinks are strong and the bartenders are great at trying new drinks . its a nice place place to try if waiting for your movie to start . i will be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the two stars are for service . i love mexican food and looked at yelp for recommendation in the area . the food was less than mediocre.the chips were n't good and the salsa was bland and watery . determined to give it a try , i ordered the mini changas . just barely okay . i wanted fish tacos but was n't going to subject myself to more bad food . would not recommend", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our server chris was awesome from the start ! ! had the bcc carne asada fries and mini chimis they were amazing so good and the prices for those and 2 kids meals was so low ! ! defiantly coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food .good beer . awesome service.if your near by and crave some real mexican cooking stop by here.we will definitely be back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently held a happy hour event for realtors at beach club cantina and it was a blast ! i worked with peter , the owner , for a few weeks leading up to the event to plan everything out and he was so gracious and helpful throughout the process , as tedious as it was and given the circumstances beyond either of our control . the realtors and lenders who showed up to the event were very impressed with the restaurant and the quality of the food and drinks . everyone had a great time and the staff was very accommodating . we are looking forward to another great event here in the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food and unbelievable service ! ! the restaurant was short staffed , but the owner stepped up and took care of our table ( which was a table of 12 ) ! owner had us try some amazing treat ! i 'll definitely come back here next time we are in phoenix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "man i love this place ! i really hope they do well ! you will not find better mexican food and a more laid back relaxed atmosphere ! ! ! they only thing they need to do is put sand on the floor ! great beer and booze selections ! i will be back again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did go back to this place after my first review and again i had really good service ! like the first time . i liked the fact that someone was going around asking for suggestions on how to make the place better , shows that they care about their customers . it was just a first bad experience , i definitely want to try the rest of the menu ! and my favorite beer victoria on draft !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "popped in after a movie at harkins and the food was great . my girlfriend , who is very picky , absolutely raved about the margaritas . friendly servers and relaxed atmosphere , as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 'd walked by this restaurant a few times and never tried it until it was recommended highly by the staff at the nearby lenscrafters . we had the taco plate and liked each one a lot , especially the fish taco . we were really impressed with the quality of the food . the chef obviously cares about the recipes and preparation , and the staff was friendly and fun . try the caramel cream cheese dessert . it 's addictive . we had a great time , and return often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stacey made that best margaritas i have ever had ! the pollo fundido was outstanding . we 'll be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by for lunch with a friend and we ended staying for happy hour . we both had the taco lunch special , crispy chicken was fantastic . the owner was attentive and seemed genuinely concerned that everything was good . they were out of their own brewed beer the mex1 , which was disappointing however plenty more to choose from . we definitely be back again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place ! food is excellent . service was great as well . pollo fundido was best we 've ever had . great place for happy hour too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pollo fundito is great . fish tacos , though small , are terrific . salsa verde and chips are very good . love the old world beer . hard to find next to blu burger grill and grimaldi pizza", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay . went for round 2 . took 15 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge i was even there . even after i saw one of the owners sitting a few feet from me . lesson learned will not be back for round 3 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great new place , had a large group of family in and it could not have been better . food was outstanding , really loved the tri tip nachos and the taco sampler platter . had a new beer i had heard about called mex 1 , it is a home town brewery and really was very good , would definitely recommend over corona . be on the look out for it ! ! service is excellent and friendly . the owner jeff even came by our table and made sure everything was perfect . next time you are close , it is a must try ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fabulous place to sit and relax . we were originally looking to eating somewhere at west gate but with the crowd we changed our mind and found beach club cantina . the food was amazing ! by far the best chimis we have ever had and the salsa was delicious . with the live music ( we visited on a saturday night ) the wonderful staff ( and very friendly and personable owner ) and the great fresh food , you ca n't go wrong . it is a must try . just look for it right next to the theater , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place in the area for a happy hour drink . great margaritas . an best is the local beer on tap and local tequila on menu", "score": "5"}
{"review": "three of us went here today after a movie , around 3 pm . the fish tacos are amazing along with the chips and salsa . the owner is friendly and great customer service is very important to him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't think of a reason in the world not to go here ! ! food was great - server was genuinely responsive - cute place with a good vibe - excellent happy hour prices . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "relaxed environment , great local beers on tap , exceptional food , friendly staff and actively engaged ownership . this place is a welcome addition to the west side and a refreshing change from the standard chains found in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was n't the best experience , i have been here a couple times it was really good ! today it was n't the best . i love that they have wyland posters ! but the service took forever it took us probably about one hour and 45 minutes just for 3 things .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the taco plate was sublime ! great atmosphere , nice people .we will defiantly be going back for the tacos ! ! a must try if your near", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service~fun times , enjoyed drinks with a few friends here . have heard that the food is good , but have n't tried it yet . definitely will next time for sure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was great . we had asada fries and carnitas burrito . the guacamole was perfect just as i love it giving my fries a kick and making me not get my hands off the chips . i had the bcc margarita it was highly delicious , i am a beer girl and also loved there were good beer options ( mainly local , always a plus in my book ) . but better than the food and drinks ? the service . the owner of the place made sure we felt welcome and continuously checked on us . i will definitely come back again when in town . and recommend this place to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have eaten here three times and each time it is great ! the fish tacos are outstanding . my hubby hates fish but loves them . margaritas are spot on too ! family friendly to the max during the daytime .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful lunch today . i had the soup ( broccoli , my favorite ) plus a mini 1topping deep dish pizza & jerry had a hamburger with skinny fries . they were delicious ! great service . as a vet , jerry 's lunch was free . we will be back again soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in last thursday to get a spray tan both girls at the counter were very nice and helpful . i ended up getting a mystic level 2 with the accelerator and a bronze shot . my mother came back in the room with me because she has spray tanned before so she knew all the right places to lotion , etc . when i walked out i looked seemingly fine ... later that day i realized i had a straight line that the machine missed on my mid calf . when i contacted them they said the would redo my legs no extra charge . well when i showed up today alex ( i think ) the receptionist was extremely rude . to the point that i felt like she was interrogating me . when my mom said that she was going to come back initially and then step out once the spray tan started , she started questioning why she wanted to go back . when we explained she said `` whatever that 's fine '' . hopefully this tan will be better . needless to say i will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst property company in vegas . your home may be beautiful but there are tons of beautiful homes in vegas . definitely not worth the headache . they are unprofessional , unorganized and will not respond unless it 's about money . my lease is up in several months and i 'm not renewing because of the company . my home is beautiful but not worth the headache with this company . owners do n't let them manage your property because it will stay vacant as people realize that waypoint homes is colony american , the same terrible company ! rent at your own risk but you ca n't say you was n't warned !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "jenneal rarely answered her phone and emails . this company has terrible communication . i was told it takes 14 business days for my rent to be refunded . on the 16th business day i contacted eva about it and she said it takes 30 business days from the day the refund was submitted . on aug 26th jenneal told me over the phone that eva submitted it that day . i asked if she meant 30 business days and i received no response . if i do n't receive this refund soon i am going to be very upset and will have to take legal action .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst company i have had to deal with . if you are signed up with auto pay they will take money out of your account as they please . do not use this unprofessional business ! ! ! ! the person that replied to my comment is clearly uninformed and knows nothing about my case . she is just trying to do `` damage control '' by making it seem like they are not in the wrong ( just another peon for the company ) . the rent due was $ 530 less than what they where supposed to take out of my account . they say they will refund but not until accounting issues the refund which could take up to 2 months . so they are holding my money hostage . i will say it again , this company lacks respect and honesty for their clients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a tenant of waypoint homes and would really love to know how to get a hold of someone in the las vegas office . i have been calling and leaving messages , i have emailed and yet no response . i even emailed the general residents email on the website and got a auto generated email back saying that someone from the local office would be in contact with me within 24-48 hours , that was a week ago . so , i find myself on yelp trying to get help because this looks like the only way to get a response from anyone . check your email and listen to your voicemails and get back to your residents .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so here we are again . saturday morning . you would think i would be priority first thing in the morning . i have talked to so many people . now i ca n't get ahold of anyone . please just come fix this air conditioner . this is just insane.i do n't understand why i can not do a new post . but i will go on . i 'm trying to move out of a rental with this company . they sent me what i needed to do and the number they have me to call no one answers . just want to be out of here but i 'm in prison . can someone respond . i would love a job that i do n't have to answer the phone . never rent from these people they will trap you and not let you out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you david acevez for such prompt & courteous repair service these past 1.5 years . you have successfully addressed and fixed issues with our sinks , toilets , light fixtures and sliding doors . thank you thank you ! your hard work and commitment to providing a positive customer service experience are noticed and appreciated ! great job david ! re : waypoint homes -- 5 stars -- we 've had no issues or delays when requesting repairs . the online work ordr system works great , and they always follow-up by next business day . no complaints at all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the maintenance guy daniel is awesome . answered all my questions . took care of all the issues with home and was very professional . i highly advise him and this company for renting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a cvs customer for years , i moved close to this pharmacy , honestly at first the pharmacy techs upset me but now i am used to the awkward lack of customer service . i am happy that after months of asking they now apply my 25 dollar discount card . well i do n't take no for an answer anymore , i could change locations but [ why i am having laser surgery done to my back so hopefully i will not need to go there every month . maybe try another place , but if it is best for you , just stand your ground . update i dropped this place . the jerks finally pushed me over the edge months ago . i moved my scripts over to walmarts pharmacy . i have not had an issue since .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hey , they 're gon na stop selling smokes soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a pretty standard cvs store , except i do have a problem with them failing to restock sold out items in a timely manner . this store is across the street from me so much more convenient than other drug stores , but when they ran out of my makeup and did n't restock it in 3 weeks , i finally caved & went to walgreens down the road . i 've been trying to buy rubber gloves for over a week now and the shelf just sits bare . once , they finally reordered a ton of sold out items , but it sat in pallets on the floor for days . i asked why the merchandise was n't on the floor and was told they were understaffed . not sure i 've ever seen a cvs in so much disarray . have n't had any problems with the pharmacy and all of my prescriptions are here . will still keep going here . the coupons are the best !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i wanted to increase my stars from my previous review . pharmacy has gotten better as far as wait time and professionalism . last two times were easy and pain free .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice pharmacy . been here 3 or 4 times . i think they have a drive thru ( not too sure ) but i 've never used it . pretty new and clean place , on the corner so it 's easy to get in and out . overall i would recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was going to monroe for years.they have really good deals on tires but whenever you need to inspect your car expect surprises .always something is wrong , last time was the rear brake cylinder leaking -185 $ .you either fix it or they will fail the inspection and you still have to pay.it 's like the legal mafia . never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "in & out in 30 mins for my oil change . it was super inexpensive ( less than if i were to do it myself ) really nice guys , will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in at 4:30pm on a sunday for an oil change and the guy told me they were closed even though it closes at 5 . if we ca n't expect you to at least adhere to your posted hours , how can we ever depend on you to take care of our vehicle ? unprofessional and unacceptable . will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there for a state inspection the other day . counter guy immediately mumbled really fast `` inspection , emission , oil change . '' if i was n't listening closely he would have gotten me for the oil change . when i mentioned i do n't like being oversold he said he `` just thought it would be helpful '' helpful to who ? him ? why not offer an exhaust system or brakes or even an engine change if you want to be helpful .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to monro muffler for an oil change , tire rotation , and inspection of a tire that was possibly leaking . they were prompt and on time for my appointment and the staff were very courteous . they did not appear eager to sell me extra services and focused on saving me extra work and cost . in fact , after the service was completed they offered me a discount i was not expecting to my bill . the location is also very convenient as it is across the street from a strip mall with target , best buy , kohls , staples , etc . so there is a lot you can accomplish while waiting for your car . i would absolutely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys have been unfailing honest and nice on multiple occasions . this is the second time my dealer recommended more than $ 500 in `` major '' brake work , that was n't really needed . they always talk to me like a person ( not a girl ) , and show me what they would expect vs what they find ( based on the dealer 's work order ) . you do need an appointment ( even for oil change and inspections ) , and the place is n't fancy- but i recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is for thrifty car rental at the airport . we rented an suv for three days and declined insurance . after we returned the car , our final price was doubled because they slipped in ld insurance into the contract . we went back to the counter , and talk to the manager , see picture attached . he told us the contract was closed and could not be changed . this will be our last time to rent from thrifty dollar .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they provided my 77 year old father-in-law a 2007 sedan with 135,000 miles on it . if i would have been there when he picked up the car i would have requested a new one because it looked worn out . the battery died on day 2 . when aaa came to jump the car a line blew and the car was not driveable . dollar acted like they were doing us a huge favor by bringing a new vehicle out - wtf , was n't that a given after you provide a handicapped senior citizen with a junker ? father-in-law was so stressed about driving the new car i requested to be added as a driver and they made us jump through flaming hoops to accomplish that . we had to drive to a location and needed to bring the primary driver with us so we drag him to the location and they did n't even make him sign anything , talk to him , or show a license or contract - wtf again ? horrible customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "never again ! this company is not fair at all , has hidden costs and unfair sales methods . my wife and i rented a car there , and we have been charged for extra insurance fees that we did n't need , but they forced us to pay for it . their prices seem competitive from the first point of view , but they are way much more expensive than the other car rental companies , with an awful sense of service and not customer-oriented at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if i could give them a zero rating , i would . terrible ! ! ! this was taken at 1:30 am . something is seriously wrong with management if this is happening ! after waiting 1.5 hours we finally got our car papers , we were told to go downstairs and out the doors to the pick-up kiosk to get our car . well , surprise ! ! ! nobody was at the kiosk ! ! thankfully an employee on his way home for the night , even though he was n't supposed to , helped us get our car . this place is a joke ! how they are still in business is beyond me ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "renting a car is expensive . after day 1 2 rental your total bill to rent a corolla is $ 180 dollars . a corolla is considered a upgrade . the service was quick but the wait to get registered is long and for most outfits except enterprise . my quick pointers are : come early in the morning to register , bring a pen because you have to go over the car yourself ( something they neglected to tell me ) and you write any damage on the receipt they give you , and dont pay for gas upfront there is a 7-11 gas station around the corner which is the cheapest . so all in all , it was easy to rent a car and drop the car off and that is why it gets 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after waiting in line for about 1 hour i went up to the counter to face fierce sales person who wanted me to upgrade my car to convertible when i say no his reply was `` really '' as if i am committing a crime by driving economy car in vegas then he started selling me insurance from $ 25 day to $ 75 day and i rejected that as well then the expression on his face was like i am committing huge mistake..well when i went to garage to pick up my car i found that they do n't have any economy cars left so they had to upgrade me for free..that explained few things..i like the rental place but not the rental company ..but i guess this is how things are these days with rental companies", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omw ! ! ! gave 5 stars so my review can be read . i had the most horrendous experience my rental was $ 53 for two days and the extra charges came to $ 121. ! ! ! ! what kind of bs is that ? ? ? i can understand taxes & other miss stuff , but that was ridiculous . i will never ever forget this experience and will make sure to tell everyone i know never go to dollar rent a car", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never rent a car from dollar or thrifty in vegas unless you want to spend your entire vacation in line", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i learned something new at dollar today - `` reservations mean nothing . '' those were the actual words of the counter rep to the 15 of us waiting in line after announcing they had no more cars available and being asked about reservations . consider me now schooled on the intricacies of renting from dollar ( not that that will ever happen again ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "starting your trip in vegas ? want to start it off on the wrong foot ? want to get not-very-good service and get pressured to buy options you said you do n't want ( check your bill before you sign for extra fees for stuff you did n't want or were n't asked if you wanted ) ? well then this is a good place to start with . this is the second time we rented from them here and will never do again . it 's just not worth it . we specifically said our insurance covered the rental but we still got pressure to buy there 's . then we said there would be one driver but when we got ready to sign there was an extra $ 10 a day charge for an extra driver ( ummm we said one driver ) . oh , and both times they could n't find our reservation , until we offered tips on how to look it up , which is just ridiculous since you would think they would be pretty adept at finding reservations . we 'll go with someone else next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible service . when you have 20 people in line having 3 terminals open does n't cut it . especially when the workers work slower than molasses . you have one who just looks like they do n't want to work ( which is pretty clear when they came and left not even 20 minutes working getting through maybe 4 costumers ) , another who types slower than a electronically inept person and the last guy who just keeps talking like its social hour with every costumer ( i 'm sorry but when you have it backed up make friends on your break time ) . honestly i chose dollar because of the prices , but with service like this i have no desire to do so again . my advice , bite the bullet pay the extra costs somewhere else and forget about dollar . would have given half a star but apparently i ca n't do that , just fyi .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "expedia included a car through dollar with my trip . i arrived at their counter in las vegas airport at 1130 pm . it was not until after an hour and a half of waiting in line that i got service . seriously under staffed to provide decant customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is probably the worst customer service experience i have ever had . they were not only snarky , but they outright lied to us and refused to let us speak to management . we only asked upon checkin if there were cars available , because of an angry customer complaining ahead if us . there was a three hour wait for cars below and customer service at the counter refused to acknowledge this . they even told us that they had no way to communicate with operations below who were dispersing cars . taking a look at the reviews , this place is notorious for terrible service . does n't corporate read yelp reviews ? do yourself a favor , boycott dollar . send them a message that the need to reprimand their operations manager for this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place zero stars.. it is the absolute worse.. customer service is ridiculous and they 're deposit is even worse . i will never rent from this place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! worst rental car experience of my life . booked a mid sized suv here and got pressure to upgrade car and insurance coverage . guy working there was so slow and tried to get me to add on all kinds of bs i did n't need . he even gave me the `` do n't tell my manager i 'm giving you such a good deal '' routine - really ! literally took me 30 minutes to get my paperwork done . i feel like they were trying to scam me - i 'll never rent from dollar again if i can help it . stay away !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst service of my life ! even though we had a reservation , we had to wait for almost 3 hours in 4 different queues to pick up the car . reservations mean nothing ! when we enquired of the staff why it was taking so long , we were told that they only phone down to have the car found , cleaned and fuelled up , when you arrive to pick it up ! in south africa where i travel regularly i 'm used to collecting rental cars within 15 minutes maximum . when we finally received the car it was not completely clean . none of the other rental companies had long queues at that time . you would think this is the first time they have rented a car !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . we waited in line for an hour at midnight . there were only 4 people behind the counter on a friday night when that is likely the busiest time of the week . i felt sorry for the people behind me . the line was super long . imagine having to wait 2 hours for your rental car at 1am", "score": "1"}
{"review": "longest , slowest lines i 've ever seen ... made worse as some people were in some secret `` express line , '' so at 2 am , after having been in line for over an hour and a half , a bunch of people kept cutting and getting ahead . yes , i know it 's company policy . but customer service could also be a policy ... maybe have more than 2 people working in a city that supposedly never sleeps . once we got the car ( not exaggerating ) 3 hours after landing , it worked fine . but ... at the end of the day , i realized it was pointless to have a car anyway in vegas . you can walk everywhere , or take a cab , or even the shuttles that go up and down the strip . pointless , expensive . waste of time , horrible service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awful . zero stars . 1 hour wait for a reservation and all staff were rude or indifferent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on line for 1.5 hours . will not ever rent from them again . they list a lot of business today people are leaving the line going to other rental companies . their customer service just apologies and that is it . poor customer service . hey dollar you need the customers to stay in business better get with it . today you list many customers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no wonder the poor reviews . shoulda read them before renting with them . been standing in line for 40 effin minutes . i reserved the car for pickup 40 effin minutes ago . moved 3 feet in line . they 've helped 2 renters so far . wtf", "score": "1"}
{"review": "everyone rents from here because it 's generally cheaper than the other options . all you have to do is sign up for their rewards membership online . all your preferences will be saved and you skip the damn line . hertz does the same thing . so yeah , every time i pass by this 30 person line , i just shake my head . join all car rental rewards - it 's worth it to skip the line . you do n't get any upsell speech either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we arrived at the rental center at mccarron around 11pm on a monday . after an hour of standing in line , thinking if we could just get to the counter we 'd be quick because we had reservations . wrong ! we learned there would be a $ 350 hold that was not on any of the info . finally after an hour we were in the car . after traveling 19 hours that day it was extremely frustrated for it to be even more delayed once we arrived at our final destination . we wo n't be using them again . should have read previous reviews . i 'll pay the extra few bucks to have speedy , if nothing else , efficient service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "trying to up sell by telling little lies", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my mother vita jonesjones had a horrible experience with the # dollarrentacar she got from # mccarranairport , her # dollarrentacar smelled like gas , it broke down they sent someone to fix it instead of sending a rental car , he could n't fix it in the mall parking lot so he left her there . # dollarrentacar did nothing so she called and they said they would send a new # dollarrentacar 3 hours later as my mom and my aunt sat in the parking lot of the mall that had closed , # dollarrentacar showed up with a dirty car , complete with old food . # dollarrentacar my mother will be calling you tomorrow ... this situation has to be rectified . i ca n't believe you all handle business this way . please do your best to rectify this situation and know that an apology is just the beginning . # dollarrentacar do better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent , quality , friendly service and super clean too ! ! ! i love this place & have referred many people here ! ! ! helen has been doing my nails for 3 years now and she always takes her time and does an amazing job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! i came in 30mins before they were closing on a sunday and she stayed after closing time and did n't rush and made sure she did a good job ! i had my 4 yr old daughter with me and they were patient and kind to her as well . they also did a great job on my daughters polish and design . the prices were great and my pedicure experience exceeded my expectations . i appreciated the friendly staff and great customer service . i think i found my new spot yay ! love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as you can see my nails look horrible and i just got them done 5 days ago . i can tell by the next day they did a bad job because i would slide my nails through my hair and my hair would get stuck on the base of the nail because the nail was sticking out . any other time i 've gotten my nails done the tech uses a few different filers . this one used one before gluing the nails , glued them , filed them once more and he was done . i meant to go have them fix it but i was in town the next day and it was mothers day the next and of course i work m-f . the pedicure was fine but i was overcharged by $ 3 . wo n't be coming here again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all i can say is `` wow '' ! finally i have found a professional , sanitary and courteous nail salon . i 've been going to helen for about 2 months now and i could n't be happier . she works quickly but does n't rush , does exactly what i ask and the prices are great . i leave feeling like i 've been pampered , so it 's my treat to myself every 2 weeks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , great place , clean and friendly . took my 9 yr old granddaughter there , and we had a great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only did they not listen to my request but carried on a conversation with the girl next to her not what i wanted pretty color but not great service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a nail biter and picker.. i went into galaxy nails and spa and they made my hands look better than they have in years ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! always extremely nice and courteous . also , they line their pedicure bowls and replace them after every person ! ! an extra plus since most places do n't clean their bowls religiously ! decent prices and i 've never been let down ! awesome place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a mani pedi which was okay . i got my eyebrows colored black , which i asked for dark brown , though kim said she mixed brown in . and a wax to top it off . on top of the darker color , the wax was a little too much between my brows making them look more uneven then they naturally are . i 've come here before and have gotten this same service from ivy and they came out amazing . not to compare the two , but kim is trying to blame it on my eyebrows and not taking responsibility for a poor color and wax job . no tip obviously , as i still had to pay for the service . not pleased at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after some time , i do n't plan on returning . once i became a regular my lady started to give less effort . she began cutting corners and paying more attention to other people in the store . my latest acrylics are appalling , a week after , and they started falling apart the day of . i plan on searching for a new nail salon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love ! ! best set of nails and service i 've received in the valley ! i will be returning for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes i feel like i 've tried all the places in the east valley , but this is by far my favorite . service is fast and consistently good , while the prices are right , also . the technicians are creative in their nail art and even a standard manicure is done well enough that it is n't ruined by the time you get home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have an unnatural fear of dirty nail salons . galaxy nails put me at such ease ! they use the plastic bags in the pedicure chairs and hardware is brought out in the 'sanitized ' bags still closed . my toes look great and almost a week later still no chips ! which says a lot because i 've worked out at the gym twice and swam in a pool a few times since getting them done . they got me on the massage chair with warm water immediately while i waited about 10 minutes for my turn . i noticed they did that with other people too . i would imagine it 's how they keep people from leaving instead of saying a 10 minute wait . i 'll take it over just sitting in a chair though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the facility itself is very nice as was the woman who did my nails . she did a beautiful job , the only thing is that it 's only been one day and the nail charm already fell off my left hand .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i cheated on my regular nail salon . and i feel no remorse . this was the best gel mani and pedi i have gotten ! best believe i will be back ! thanks ladies !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was 5 stars to me and i truly loved it . i 've been coming for a year now . however , the past 4 times i 've gone i have been very disappointed . i always make an appointment , yet they rush their job . the pedicures used to be relaxing and now it just seems like they try to get you out asap . their designs have decreased in quality as well because of the rushing . i kept returning because i loved this place . now , i 'll never go back . during my most recent visit , i got a new set and when the lady was removing my nails , she ripped it off poorly and made me bleed . i also asked for coffin shape and got square nubs . one of my nails is coming off and it 's only been a week with a new set ! then , they charged me an extra $ 12 more than usual when nothing has changed ( including the design ) . it 's a shame , this place used to be so great .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beautiful , clean with top notch customer service ! wonderful owners- helen and peter . cleanest nail spa in town ! any design art work possible on your nails . had the luxury pedicure , it included a mask and stone massage- but many options available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they can do almond shape ! ! ! i absolutely loved this place ; beautifully decorated , clean and friendly people : ) . i had an acrylic fill done , it was fast , efficient , painless , and i am very very pleased with my nails . definitely coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got the luxury pedicure and they did an amazing job rubbing my legs and feet . they had a salt scrub and then a layer of clay and then a layer of lotion , and they massaged all of them in really well . super attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time yesterday and i have to say that it was amazing ! ! they were so patient with me on my difficult requests and got my designs down to a t. very reasonably priced and super clean . i do n't think i will ever go to another nail place again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "having a pedicure today . very clean and friendly . prices are not too bad either . coming back tomorrow for a manicure !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ive been coming for over 2 yrs ! love it here ! ! you immediately feel comfortable and everyone is friendly . they do great work and are very artistic . i tell everybody to try them ! i should carry their cards to give out ! ! you 've got ta try galaxy nails and spa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they deserve a 5 star ! what a chic , clean , and nicely decorated spa ! ! i loved the service and the ambiance ! ! i enjoyed my first time there and i just know i will be visiting frequently .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best pedicure in town ! the staff is friendly , and focused on your experience . the massage with the pedicure is the best i 've ever had by far . i 'm so glad i found this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are so nice every time me and my girlfriend come to visit here in mesa we come here for she can do her nails and i do my pedicure and they are so nice and so clean you ca n't fine this any where else but here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "peter is an artist when it comes to the nails he creates . he made my weird shaped nails and fingers look like a master piece . he took his time every step of the way to do an amazing job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly and trusting . touc did a great job on my nails and the young lady did a great job on my eye brows . all are very nice . i will be back . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother and i got a pedicure done today . very friendly staff ! we are definitely coming back ! nails and feet feel amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's my first time here and i loved it ! helen and peter are a husband and wife duo running this place and they are such happy people . i wanted something that could 've been difficult but they both figured out a way to do it and i could not be more in love . he stepped aside so that his wife could show him how to do what i wanted . i respect him for that . come to this place ! you wo n't be disappointed update still enjoy coming here but as of lately i 'll get my nails done and that day the polish is already chipped off and it 's gel polish ... . seriously ? i do n't have the time to go back and get it fixed . hopefully when i go in they 'll take care of it", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love galaxy nails ! they have an awesome staff and seem to take their time even though they are always busy . i love to get different designs for my nails and they have always been able to do an excellent job . definitely worth our long drive to get into this salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't got my nails done here but i did get my eye brows waxed twice by two different girls and in my opinion it was horrible i told her i wanted it thinner and she goes oh u look fine i wo n't go back they do n't seem like they know what they are doing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this nail salon ! i 've been here a few times and every time , the service is fantastic and the people are super nice . it 's kept very clean and orderly and the people do a great job on their services . i 've never felt rushed or like the person doing my nails was just trying to get the job done to move on to the next customer . if you have questions , they also answer them and explain them clearly for you . overall a great nail salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes the quality can be hit or miss depending on the technician , but nathan knocked it out of the park today !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "henry and team took care of all five of us without an appointment . they were awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here just to have something to do while i got my car serviced at berge ford , truly one of the best pedicures i 've ever had by sa ( she 's amazing ) . all the staff is friendly , the wait was n't long at all , the luxury pedicure is sooo relaxing . i just found my new nail salon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got my nails done by tiffany ! and i absolutely loved them ! i came in on a friday morning as soon as they opened and they were slightly busy but i was seated right away . i got an acrylic gel full set for 40 and they 're coffin shaped : - ) thanks for being so great ! highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my nails . i was recommended by a friend . her nails always look great ! ! helen did my minnie mouse nails and i love them . she took her time and did an excellent job . salon was very nice and clean also .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my second time here , decided to treat myself to luxury pedicure rather than standard . they wrapped my feet in some moisture mud and plastic wrap , then a nice sugar scrub . after that was a decent leg and foot massage and then hot stone massage , which was too quick that i did n't know she did it . chair massage is good , not too harsh where your back feels bruised the next day . the lady who gave me pedicure was not friendly at all , almost seemed pissed to have to give me a pedicure . i do n't expect chatting but she was friendly when asking me to move feet or put back in water , so if i came back i do n't think i would want her again , as it takes away from the relaxation feeling like the person is annoyed", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and myself went for manicures , first time there was nice to see a clean place , i had helen ( the best ) and my husband had amy also ( the best ) they both no there skills my husband nails were beautifully buffed i thought he had clear polish on he said no way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do you know why i like this place ? i must say the service is great ! every time i have walked in the door , whether walk-in or with an appointment , they always have a seat prepared for their next customer . the seats have a massage controller . i have never been to any other place in phoenix that has as many gel mani pedi colors . you know the kind that lasts at least 3-4 weeks ! i am an asu student and have a ceramics survey course and i have to say that the nail gel color lasts . thanks galaxy nails ! keep up the great work ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place , great staff ! got a simple mani for only $ 12 which is cheap and my friend got a full set of sparkling purple nails and that was only $ 30 ! not too bad if you ask me ! would love to come back another time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overrated . it 's a good place for drinks but so not worth it for dinner . the place gets really full and it 's hard to hear the people in front of you . plus , some tables are right in the middle of the action- makes it hard to eat ! ! i 'd go back for drinks but the food was n't worth the trouble .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "avoid ! this place is just ridiculous . staff is really bad and their have such an attitude that makes you think they forgot they are not the customer but that you are ! ! drinks are overpriced for the area ! go west 3 blocks and you 'll pay 3 $ less for a pint for similar food . this place tries to be a cool old port hip restaurant but given the area , their price and the inexperienced staff ( or just dumb staff ) it just does n't work . will never go there again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super petit resto bar sur la rue masson . quoique les places assises sont relativement inconfortable , la nourriture , les drinks et le service nous le font compl\u00e8tement oublier . j'ai aussi oui dire que les 5 \u00e0 7 sont m\u00e9morables . raison de plus pour y retourner !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "je suis all\u00e9 rejoindre un groupe d'amies un vendredi soir . on avait r\u00e9serv\u00e9 , une chance parce que c'est plein \u00e0 craquer . j'ai mang\u00e9 un tartare de saumon qui \u00e9tait d\u00e9licieux et j'ai accompagn\u00e9 \u00e7a d'un verre de vin qui n'\u00e9tait pas donn\u00e9 . le service \u00e9tait assez ordinaire . tr\u00e8s lent , pas trop agr\u00e9able et le serveur nous a servi le discours du `` si je vous donne un mauvais service c'est parce que je suis l\u00e0 depuis midi '' , dont personnellement je me tappe compl\u00e8tement . il s'est repris en nous payant chacun un shooter en se rendant probablement compte de notre r\u00e9action suite \u00e0 sa remarque . bref , la bouffe est bonne , mais la place n'a rien qui donne envie de se garrocher sur les murs .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "j'etais sceptique a l'idee d'un souper dans ce pub , car ils sont plus reconnus pour leur bar que pour leur cuisine . effectivement , le bar est bien , beaucoup de choix , de bon drinks , un peu cher mais la quantit\u00e9 y etait ! pour la cuisine , et bien c'est vraiment un 3 etoiles , y a rien de mauvais mais rien de wow , les portions sont petites pour le prix , beaucoup de plats manquent d'originalit\u00e9 dans les accompagnements . juste une petite salade en plus des frites ca aurait fait la difference ! question decor et ambiance , c'est beau et chaleureux , mais on est tres a l'etroit et la musique , malgr\u00e9 qu'elle soit bonne , est ben trop forte ! pour le service , on a eu une super serveuse , charmante et sympathique , comp\u00e9tente et efficace ! rien a redire du service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "d'abord , mes \u00e9toiles vont pour le bar , pas pour le restaurant . je n'ai jamais mang\u00e9 mais j'y suis all\u00e9e plusieurs fois pour leurs cocktails . bourbon limonade g\u00e9nial , red drink mais surtout le bloody ceasar avec gin et homard fut une r\u00e9v\u00e9lation . un des meilleurs en ville . j'ai d\u00e9j\u00e0 h\u00e2te au prochain ! on y va pour leurs cocktails offerts au pichet , m\u00eame si y'a un peu trop de glace ! quand j'y vais , je me place toujours au bar . et pour les amateurs de sports , l'\u00e9t\u00e9 , \u00e0 l'air climatis\u00e9 , c'est un excellent choix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good beef tartare with salad . also had the atomic lemonade that was very good . great service , great decor and good price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "middle ground between the two extant reviews . martin k. is correct in noting that the drinks are somewhat overpriced ( e.g . $ 9 for a glass of sangria ) . however , i 've dined here several times , at multiple hours of the day , and have nothing but good things to say about the food . the `` saucisses du moment , '' the `` vegetarian tartar , and their take on bbq is smashing . the fries are also somewhat amusing in that , in what i take to be somewhat of a piece of culinary humor , the chef seasons them with the same bbq powder ( or an analog ) that one would find on bbq chips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nous y sommes all\u00e9s deux fois : une fois pour souper et une fois pour le brunch . pour le souper , nous n'avons pas \u00e9t\u00e9 enchant\u00e9 . c'\u00e9tait correct mais sans plus . le service et l '' ambiance \u00e9taient bien , mais nous avons trouv\u00e9 que la nourriture \u00e9tait quand m\u00eame ch\u00e8re pour ce qui se trouvait dans l'assiette ( particuli\u00e8rement l'assiette de charcuterie , formages en entr\u00e9e ) . il se fait mieux ailleurs pour le m\u00eame prix ... par contre , pour le brunch , c'est original , savoureux et prix bien corrects . nous y avons aussi \u00e9t\u00e9 avec nos jeunes enfants et ils \u00e9taient enthousiasm\u00e9s de leur d\u00e9jeuner , des banquettes larges et des petits chaises d'appoint rouge vif . secret bien gard\u00e9 pour le brunch , aucune file et peu de gens ... mais shuuuut ! nous y retournerons la fin de semaine pour le d\u00e9jeuner tardif !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "disagree with martin k. i attended their official launch night and the food was amazing and so was the service despite how incredibly busy it was .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le quai no4 a \u00e9t\u00e9 pour moi une belle d\u00e9couverte ! belle ambiance , bonne bi\u00e8re , service rapide et leur tarte aux champignons est \u00e9coeurante ! j'adore la d\u00e9co et surtout les tables ! attention , c'est toujours difficile de se trouver une place assise le soir apr\u00e8s 19h !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stylish spot , especially in the comfy but elegant front window booth . had very friendly service , and delicious charcuterie . the cocktails were n't ideal , flavours a little muddled and over sweet , not just according to me but also according to the professional cocktail slingers i had the pleasure of dining with that night . i dig masson and window seats so i 'll probably come back and see how things evolve here at quai no4 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mauvaises exp\u00e9riences \u00e0 r\u00e9p\u00e9tition . belle terrasse.. j'aimerais voir autre chose \u00e0 cet emplacement .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our multi-generational family of four ate a fantastic dinner in a window booth on a hot , august evening . the hostess was quick to find us a spot that would work for our toddler , as the restaurant is otherwise only somewhat child-friendly . she also helped to translate some of the french-only menu . i appreciate their commitment to quebec farms and food vendors ! the food was so good and the experience so pleasant that we considered going back for our last dinner in montreal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend and i arrived there about 15 mins early and the host dude made space for us which was awesome of him . once we ordered it took a hell of a long time to receive our orders but the barman apologised and gave us a free shot . i ordered the surf & turf which for the price was unbelievably small and not really that good . my friend ordered the fish & chips which was a bigger portion but still not really worth the money . the drinks were overpriced as well . when it came time to pay they do n't accept debit only credit card and cash . they have an atm by the toilets which took me multiple attempts to take money out as it 's a very old machine and times out when connecting to the bank . the saving grace for this place to me was the staff which were all pleasant to deal with from the host to the barman and the waitresses .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "vraiment tr\u00e8s bon ! nous sommes arriv\u00e9s et il ne restait plus de place ... donc le proprio nous a envoy\u00e9 \u00e0 son autre bar : le baron samedi pour 2 shooters gratuits en attendant notre table . revenu au quai apr\u00e8s 20 minutes , nous avons eu notre place . l'ambiance \u00e9tait vraiment agr\u00e9able . le dj jouait une grande vari\u00e9t\u00e9 de style ! j'ai pris le p\u00e2t\u00e9 chinois renvers\u00e9 qui est excellent et ma femme a pris les tacos de poissons . eux aussi sont un r\u00e9gal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pour \u00eatre honn\u00eate je n'y ai pas mang\u00e9.. je suis arriv\u00e9e tard et j'ai seulement pris un verre de vin et \u00e7a m'a co\u00fbt\u00e9 8 $ . attention , vendredi soir c'est si plein qu'on peut a peine y marcher . je suis pr\u00eate a r\u00e9viser mon avis lorsque j'aurai mang\u00e9 la-bas . je n'ai eu que de bons commentaires .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "une super adresse surtout la terrasse en \u00e9t\u00e9 tr\u00e8s appr\u00e9ci\u00e9e un service irr\u00e9prochable une cuisine d\u00e9licieuse et raffin\u00e9e tr\u00e8s bons prix aussi ambiance amicale et relax \u00e0 l ext\u00e9rieur plut\u00f4t bruyante \u00e0 l int\u00e9rieure le tartare de b\u0153uf et de saumon sont des incontournables hier soir j ai pris le ch\u00e8vre en cro\u00fbte avec l\u00e9gumes grilles humm un vrai d\u00e9lice aussi d\u00e9cid\u00e9ment la rue masson c est le top du top", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellente ambiance , service chalheureux e conviviale , et la bouffe est tr\u00e8s bonne , quoi que limit\u00e9e en terme de choix . j'y retourne occasionnellement avec ma copine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had dinner here on saturday night at 7 pm . not too busy . the service was great . i had the grilled salmon and my wife the fish and chips . both were excellent . the music was a bit loud but the younger crowd probably likes it that way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "une place toujours bien remplie , donc beaucoup d'ambiance ! par contre , \u00e7a peut parfois ralentir le service , mais globalement la nourriture et les boissons servi sont bons . ce qui permet d'augmenter la cote de ce brasserie , c'est qu'il mise sur les produits locaux et qu'ils proposent une vari\u00e9t\u00e9 de produits bio .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! excellent brunch , super prix , bon service , bonne ambiance . une adresse \u00e0 garder !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely competent staff . got me into the right contact lenses on the first appt . everyone was friendly and i interacted with every employee on my first visit . they have a middleton clinic as well , and a good website with lots of information about the doctors . i researched a lot before i found them and i 'm glad i made the right choice . have already had friends go to see them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite possibly the best optometrist i have ever been to , and i have been seeing optometrists for almost 20 years . everyone here is super nice . they make a point of cleaning all of the equipment you are going to be touching right in front of you . and ( my favorite part ) they do n't do the puff test ! they have this little contraption that touches your eye ( i thought it would freak me out , but it was fine . ) - way less stress than the damn puff test . i will definitely be going here from now on for eye exams .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the opticians and optometrists at isthmus eye care are so friendly and helpful . i recently had an eye exam and contact fitting here , and it was a great experience . not a huge fan of having my pupils dilated , but they put some drops in afterward which was supposed to help the dilation go away faster . dr. maursetter was very nice and explained the purpose of all the tests she was running . it 's always helpful when a professional is explaining what they are doing instead of just doing something and leaving you wondering why they are doing it . she gave me some daily contacts to try since i had complained of dryness with the two week contacts . after wearing those for a week , i decided i did not like them so they gave me a different brand to try on . they are very accommodating of your needs , and ordering contacts from them is quick and easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great eye care center . they have the latest technology and the staff is quite knowledgeable . they really listen to you and help find solutions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very thorough and pleasant staff . dr callie maursetter was wonderful ! knowledgeable , professional and friendly . i would give this 5 stars except for 1 thing . first , whatever that contraption is to measure my eye pressure is awful . there is no puff of air but to say you are going to `` tickle my eye '' is the understatement of the year . instead of scarring the crap out of me with air this little contraption sticks something in it , it is as terrifying and equally uncomfortable as the dang puff test . if it was n't for this incident i would have had a 5 star visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. adam burns was great . i chose this location after many years of annual exams at ghc . my insurance changed , so i needed a new provider . i 'm passionate about supporting local businesses and this is location is five minutes or less from my home . robyn helped me understand by glasses benefits while also understanding i wanted to go home to my holiday weekend . she quickly advised me and let me come back another time to look further . beautiful new office with nice , updated technology . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a rave recommendation from a friend , so i scheduled an appointment . i was very happy with it . dr. mauresetter , amy and robyn were all very professional and personable . they were much more thorough than my previous optometrist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have loved this place since my initial visit . killer tequila drink options , divine food . i refer to it as the authentic , hipster chipotle . having worked in a totally 100 % mexican immigrant community for 12 years , and studied and travelled extensively throughout mexico ; this is as good as it gets ... i do love all-things chorizo ( ! ) and their mole is perfection . i feel sorry for the young reviewers who stated they preferred chipotle . what a strong claim for the unfortunate lack of experience of the american palate ... keep up the great work , brian , and y'all ! and if you 're lucky , you might get to meet talk to abuela-fiesta ! ask her about michoacan ! overall , authentically fab ! xoxo", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yummy authentic quick mexican food ! this place is much better than chipotle and the workers were fun and friendly . there is a lot more options than chipotle . i had a rice bowl with mexican rice and it was super good ! if you 're by the area and looking for a quick meal definitely try out la taqueria !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . amazing . we needed a quick place to grab carry-out after a movie tonight and this was near the theater . we ordered chimichangas , a quesarito and tacos . they had it ready in 15 minutes and they were so kind that they actually apologized that they were still bagging it up when i arrived . they were actually faster than we expected they would be and this was while they were busy with other customers . the staff was wonderful . everything was excellent . the food is delicious . the service was perfect . my only complaint was that there was n't enough meat in our meals , but everything tasted so good that i almost stopped caring . i 'm going to be craving la taqueria until we can go back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! what a pleasant surprise . the fixings for my burrito were plentiful and included in the price . items included queso blanco , grilled squash , three types of rice , warmed and cold salsa , crushed nacho chips and two types of onions . very tasty . very clean , no frills environment . very friendly staff . i went out of my way to drive here . very glad i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a really great meal here . everything was fresh , the chimichanga was enough for two . so happy to find this place nearby . will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a gem in the middle of strip mall suburbia . i 've only gone one time b c it 's so far east , but the tacos here are top notch . the pastor pork is simply amazing , great spices and flavoring . they also offer chorizo , which is very good as well . a wide variety in toppings , and the big chimichanga was unique and quite good . not a lot of taquerias in cleveland , so this place needs to stick around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people are friendly and nice , food is fast good and filling , and authentic . i 've lived my whole life in tucson arizona and moved here to cleveland about 4 years ago and this is the very first place where the burros and chimichangas were even close to home at all . ( they are a bit different but still very good ) . que rico ! ! ! thanks guys , great food , reminds me of home ! ashton was the young guy who helped me out and he was super nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was n't warm and was a bit disappointing . the burrito was n't very good . the spicy guacamole was good , but overall i would n't go again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we loves this place - beats barrio any day . when you walk in you might not be impressed but wait until you try the food", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the steak chimichanga has entered my `` top 3 '' ranking of favorite local restaurant dishes . wish they kept later hours ... get there before 7pm or you will be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was good ... we ate on the side set up like chipotle . more menu options then i expected but compared to the taco-burrito-salad options at other places . decor was dated and to me just had a im clean but not type of feel ... if ever needing a reason to goto the richmond mall again we may stop in for lunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite burrito and taco salad place ! ! just check it out . i highly recommend the chorizo and grilled zucchini and squash . just writing this makes me want to go there for dinner tonight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the good : i thought it was going to be just a mexican carryout , but they have several booths and a nice atmosphere , and funky mexican music . my husband got the chorizo burrito and raved about it . the bad : i made the mistake of getting a vegetarian chimichanga . they completely forgot about it , so we sat and waited over 20 minutes . they apologized and took it off the bill , but c'mon ... .we 're the only people in the place ! i understand we were there at closing , but sheesh . they could n't figure out how to refund it off our card so we got cash back . now i will say that after finally getting home with my chimichanga , i found it delicious and big . they fold it and cut it so it can be eaten without utensils , which is handy ( pun intended ! ) so i will give this place another shot and hopefully the food will be as good and the service will be much quicker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "reminds of places in san diego . thank goodness for good mexican food . it is a ca n't miss place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was great . lots to toppings . prices were fair and staff friendly . just clean the tables better . we 'll be back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i want mexican , i go here . hands down the best spot in cleveland . as a regular , i tend to get the lettuce cup tacos or a bowl as a healthy option but when i to indulge , i get the chimichanga . it 's basically a fried burrito and it 's phenomenal . i love the chicken tinga . if you get tacos , you can get different types of meat . and i could spend the rest of my life eating their house salsa . for the vegetarians out there , you will not go hungry - there are lots of delicious options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better choice than chipotle with all the options ! ! ! ! great flavor . smaller portions now for prices than when they originally opened but still good . our go to for a family that often wants different things !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super yummy food and lots of options for meat and sides . i had the naked burrito with the chicken tinga and it was awesome . friendly staff . was a bit difficult to get into the correct parking lot though .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent local take on fast casual mexican cuisine . their food is simply fantastic ! many more options than chipotle or similar places . queso fresco , mole salsa , chorizo , chipotle sauces and more . priced the same as national chains but locally owned . if you are in the neighborhood stop by and try them out . you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an off shoot from the excellent la fiesta next door , this faster stand and select your food is an excellent choice for top notch food . quality all the way and the family who owns both these restaurants are first class people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was excited when i found out there was a french bakery in fountain hills . while working there the other day , i stopped by to pick up a few pastries . i was pretty disappointed in the croissants and chocolate croissants . they tasted like what you 'd get from safeway . these were not as flakey and yeasty tasting as the good croissants i 've eaten . i 've made them myself and expected these to be at least as good as my amateur attempts . not so . i would call the pastries `` ok '' and would consider going again to try the bread .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a tasty treat hidden in a strip mall off of palisades . fresh , authentic french bakery -- only one in fh ! ( i 'm glad it 's good )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my heart still weeps when i drive past la tartine and know it 's no longer there ! i 'll admit , i did n't partake of the `` caf\u00e9 '' side of the store - i was strictly a boulangerie-patisserie patron ! i loved knowing i was less than 5 minutes away from that-morning baked epis and real crusty baguettes ! and i was probably the chief reason why the canneles would sell out so fast ! and this past christmas , i was buche-de-noel-less ! : - ( i also loved the occasional opportunity ( usually during the winter ) when someone from montreal or elsewhere would come in and have a conversation en francais with catherine and yves . i 've long lost my fluency , but it still sounded so beautiful and home-like to my ears ! i do n't know whether they ever check in on their old business - but i wish both catherine and yves the warmest of best wishes on their new venture in las vegas ! i wish we could have given you enough business to keep you in town ! you 're missed ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these are definitely better than safeway croissants . the pain au chocolat i had was n't flaky , but it was still pleasant , right balance of chocolate to pastry . i 'd probably give it 3.5 stars if i could . nice variety of filled croissants , nice presentation of their baked goods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "gone now ( torn down - that 's progress , folks ) . the stardust had an ok buffet . good seafood . i think they should at least keep the name and memory alive by putting the sign up somewhere just for the heck of it - and i 'm not talking about some dusty museum thing . oh well , i really do n't give a crap . that 's life and i certainly will not lose any sleep over it . look for a new place to hang around when you 're bored ... . that 's my belief . hey , have you been to the bahama breeze yet ? ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "international house . while all of the hotels draw visitors from around the world , this seems to be especially true of the stardust . while dining at the breakfast buffet , i overheard accents from england , germany , france , and noticed a plethora of guests from asia ( not unusual ) and africa ( not african american ) . the concierge desk carries free copies of japanese tourist magazine . not that there 's anything wrong with that . the stardust is another throwback to the heyday of the rat pack and the mob , but it seems to have held up better than some of its contemporaries . it is , i must note , the last refuge of polyester pants , particularly in pastel colors . the buffet is decent , and coupons in the magazines available on site offer $ 2 off . not that any of this matters , as the `` resort '' is scheduled for implosion at the end of 2006 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stardust buffet after having spent a few days in las vegas and eating at all the buffets at belagio , wynn , and planet hollywood , it was time to try one of the old-school buffets . not wanting to spend much more $ $ $ on buffet food , eugene and i asked a taxi driver for some recommendations . he suggested stardust ... .and we paid the price ( $ 11 ) ... .absolutely the worst buffet food ever . the food was stale , tasteless , and spartan . the selection was somewhat limited , but the sad part was that for what they had , it really amounted to nothing palletible . i barely finished anything and i 'm the buffet king . if i ca n't finish food , you definitely know something is wrong ! ! ! you get what you pay for ! recommendation : if you 're going to eat at buffets , go to the real ones . unfortunately , old school buffets truly are `` old ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst hotel on the las vegas strip i have ever stayed at ! the food at the buffet is just as bad . the rooms are cheaper then some of the others on the strip but they are terrible . my sister told me who cares is not like were going to stay in the room anyway were in las vegas and most people are out all night but at some point you do have to come back to get some sleep . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place was terrible . my wife and i stayed here years ago . rip . only good thing about this place is my wife and i staying here when we first met . thats it . its was cheap compared to the rest of the hotels on the strip . the out side was typical , with a average decor .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to come here for the steak and lobster dinner which was served from 10am till midnight . it was 11.95 without a coupon and 8.95 with so it really was the best deal on the strip . i became a frequent stayer here thanks to a couple years of ces and man did i love this place , all the feel of downtown , right on the strip . unlike downtown hotels , the rooms were actually pretty nice and free of that old booze cigarette smell , and at $ 40-60 they were a hell of a deal . i have n't been back in a while but i kept meaning to go you can imagine my heartbreak when last sunday i made the massive treck up the strip to grab my surf and turf dinner , and what did i find , but my beloved stardust was gone . granted i should have known when they stopped sending me the weekly postcard about cheap rooms , but still this was crushing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's sad to hear it 's closing -- it was always good for a cheap place to crash ( if you could deal with the fact that a turning on a blacklight in any of the rooms would immediately blind you with a bevy of various dried fluids on just about every part of the room -- which most of us in vegas had come to terms with , since the same can be said of most of the city ) . r.i.p. , stardust .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "watching the riviera implode this week made me think of how much i loved staying and playing at the stardust . rooms were vintage and sent you back to the sixties , but were clean and no cig booze smell . staff were super friendly and great deals on food too ! sigh ... ..corporate vegas sucks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really miss this place , it was a vintage gem and i always stayed and hung out here . there was no other place on earth like it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is , along with the sahara , frontier and riviera the oldest property on the strip . unlike those others , however , this one does n't show its age , at least not in the guest rooms . they 've been nicely updated , and are a real value , as the thousands of elderly tourists who flock here to see wayne newton will tell you . pools are decent but have long since been overshadowed by the newer hotels . if you get a great rate and have a car this is not a bad choice . keep in mind you 'll have to drive or shuttle to get to the better part of town .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes ! love this place ! my favorite place on the strip and they are suposedly tearing it down . i shake my fist at you ! ! i did so well rolling craps that they shut my table down once , that made me feel fancy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would give a zero if i had the opportunity to . the doctors are fine.. for.. well lets just say they are a half grade up from mexican physicians in border towns . the office manager receptionist helpers are down right rude . wal-mart greeters have better personalities then this team . companies that provide great service will out last this recession . i hope this practice gets what it deserves .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "make sure you double and triple check your insurance prior to making an appt here . my insurance company gave me the name of two doctors contracted with this office and i made an appointment two weeks ago based off their list . two days before his appointment i got a call from them letting me know that they no longer are a provider for our insurance company . that would have been nice to know 2 weeks ago so i could have looked elsewhere . they need to update their records with our insurance companies so that others do n't have this same issue when it comes to making appointments for our children that are desperate for an eye exams .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been with this office for over 5 years now . i love it ! dr. burson is awesome . the staff is super friendly . i drop by once in awhile to get my glasses re-adjusted - no charge . just walk in . they just expanded the office to the suites next door . the office is always clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a good experience ! dr. holt is awesome and thorough ! office staff is quick to serve .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff seems pleasant enough . went in for a routine update on my prescription and got in quickly to get started on the pre-exam tests . after getting seated in the exam room , time seemed to stop . i sat there for almost 25 minutes waiting to be seen by the doctor . finally walked out when there was no evidence that i was on their radar screen . i get that there can sometimes be a wait ; especially if a doctor is dealing with an emergency . but waiting for an optometrist in a vision center on a routine day is not acceptable customer service . phoenix is a big town : there are choices and i 'll exercise them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband and i had come to this facility since moving here in 2010 however we will be looking for another place . here are the reasons : 1 . i have somewhat complicated eyes in that i need progressives , come to find out the lenses in a very expensive frame ( dolce gabana ) that i purchaed from them were n't quite the correct measurements and my eye vision had most likely deteriorated from that . 2. when my husband went , the 'machine for retinal exam was down ' and so they ushered him in to the room to see the doctor . when visit was done , instead of offering to do the retinal exam ( which was included in insurance payment ) , they told him to come back b c they did n't have time to accommodate him . really ? ? 3. as the years have gone by , i have felt like it 's progressively becoming more like an hmo place -get em in and out as quick as you can . 4. wait times have exceeded 1 2 an hour . we are done w this place , big time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my daughter and i went to west valley vision recently . the staff was very nice . we were in and out of there within 45 minutes . after our exams ( which they scheduled together : - ) ) we were taken over to the area where you are fitted for glasses . i was not ready to purchase my glasses that day , but they were not pushy at all and they allowed me to walk around and check out all the frames so i would know what i liked when i decided to purchase them . i give this place a `` thumbs up '' and we will definetely be back for our exams as well as eye wear . thank you west valley vision ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went in to order a specific pair of glasses for a specific purpose . initially i had a sales person take good care of me and gave me a quote to sit on for a few days . i returned and my sales person was busy and was referred to another person and i understood . the second sales person could not seem to get me out of her sight soon enough , there was several options i could have ordered with my expensive new glasses but did not seem willing to spend an extra moment to research it . when i asked about different types of lenses she acted as if i was wasting both of our time . purchased the glasses anyhow but wont return .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've come to west valley vision since 2008 . we 've always had great service during our annual appointments , and we sporadically come in to get our glasses adjusted , we 're taken care of promptly . we recently took our son with autism for his first eye appointment and they were very patient and attentive . the glasses are expensive , even with insurance , but they also have an excellent selection of frames . i have seen both dr. wilson and dr. martin . they 're both very pleasant and forthright .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughters and i have been patients since 2002 and always appreciate the care & courtesy we always receive . dr burson is awesome ~ she takes the time to explain things on what she is seeing and asks about how my girls are doing if they are n't with me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great during your appointment . after it 's overpriced with things they add in fine print . i moved states and needed my prescription faxed over twice so far ... each time they tell me they will do it right away and takes over an hour ( the amount of time before i loose my patience and call again requesting it ) customer service is bullshit unless you 're in the store or still a customer..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i had a great experience at w. valley vision . the office has a great , comfortable , and welcoming atmosphere . the staff was super friendly ! dr. wilson was knowledgeable and helpful , taking the time to explain risks to my newly diagnosed diabetic wife . the staff helping us with frames went over-the-top to help us find frames that looked great on us and helped us make the best use of our insurance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this business is awesome ! if you have n't tried them , you are missing out . i 'm a regular for my yearly eye tests . recently , i was roughhousing with my 4 year old grandson and took a finger to the eyeball . i was in agony for the rest of the weekend . monday morning my wife called for an appointment and they immediately were able to fit me in . what they did that day was nothing short of amazing . my follow up was yesterday and again , over the top . while i was waiting , i asked the eye glass technician about repairing some ray ban 's that i quit wearing a year ago because they were damaged . so today , i dropped them off and they fixed them n c on the spot . i am so very happy to have this business in my area ! thank you to the entire staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great office with good staff and doctors . i went there for a eye exam and when there was a potential issue they referred me immediately and wasted no time . i was told i could get a minor rx but it was n't necessary at this time . they did not try to over sale me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional , clean , never go any where else . the staff is awesome , state of the art equipment . my wife and i will recommend west valley vision to all our friends , and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second year going to west valley vision , and i 've been very happy with the level of service and professionalism i 've received . i love the machine they use in place of dilating your eyes -- not just because it 's easy at the time , but the doctor pulled up my scans from last year to show me a side-by-side comparison . really great ! i 'm still getting used to wearing contacts and dr. martin has been so helpful in offering different options . the only small downside is price , but i think you get what you pay for , which i why i 'll continue to go here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have had such an amazing experience with this eye doctor . the office is beautiful and all the staff goes above and beyond to make sure you 're happy with your glasses contacts . i was out of town and had a contact tear , i called their office and the lady was quick to find a solution . she called eye doctor 's in the town i was in and found one that had my contact . then got it all set up for me to pick it up . i am sooo grateful , she saved my vacation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to handle all your families eyecare needs . staff is friendly and knowledgeable . they have always done a great job with my daughter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "outstanding ! my entire family is seen here and we could not be happier ! the staff is very friendly and do their best to meet our needs when it comes to appointments . our doctor is very personable . i would recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please check , double check , and ask them questions regarding what exactly you 'll be charged for each step of the way ! they will sneak in charges that you 're unaware of and when you get to the desk there is all sorts of charges that you were never made aware of ! not cool ! what if i did n't have it ? ! ? ! which with it being the holiday i really did not ! i will say however that my doctor was really nice and thorough !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "west valley vision is a very caring place . i been going to them for 6 years and they always treat me like family .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had my 1st appt there the other day . the staff was very friendly and nice . the doctor did a thorough exam and explained everything . the optical staff was great . she helped me pick out the prefect frame and explained the cost of everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely wonderful ! i 've had problems with my eyes my entire life , and this is the only place where i felt truly cared for . you will love the doctors , and the gals who help you pick out your frames do an absolutely fabulous job - i hope natalie or brenda are there to help you . my only complaint is that it is hard to get to their parking lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! every time i am there i have a pleasant experience . i was unable to see my regular dr ( dr burson ) due to her maternity leave but the doctor i saw was equally as great , dr starkey . the technician , john , who helped me before i saw the doctor was fabulous . he is going to school to become an optometrist and when he graduates anyone would be lucky to have him take care of them . i did n't stop for glasses this time but when i was there last year they were all great and helped me tremendously . very professional , friendly and polite from the front desk to when you walk out the door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have recently moved to the west valley from out of state . due to two relocations in the last two years , this is the third vision center i have visited in the last few years . west valley was was as good as any of them , if not better . i saw dr. martin and he was very thorough and personable . i did not look into new glasses as my prescription had n't changed since my last visit to see an optometrist . after insurance was factored in , there were no surprise charges .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to west valley vision center for several years now . i really love and trust my dr. , dr. burson but i have also seen dr. moore and she is just as terrific . they really take their time with your eyes and are good people . i will also add that everybody you come into contact with is just as sharp and helpful and kind . you ca n't pay people enough to be kind , so they are definitely doing something very right at that office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to eye doctor 's my whole life ! but i have never understood why glasses or contacts do n't work at all for me until dr. martin explained in detail what my issue 's are . i was in there for over a hour i was in shock that in this day and age he took the time and care to to tell me my options and did n't want to put me back in progressive lenses again and i spend all that money that i did n't have to go through the same failure i always go through . long and short of it i love that doctor . it felt like the old days when doctor 's really cared about there patients and we were n't just a number and a new living room set for there trophy wife . thank you again dr . martin at west valley vision in avondale , az . i 'll be back and i will recommend you to all ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i scheduled an appt . the young lady on the phone was very attentive and found a cancellation by checking with a colleague . this way i did n't miss time from work . unfortunately , i did miss my appointment . elena then came to the rescue with the exact same professionalism i had received before . she was able to find a slot for me after consulting with the dr. and i did n't have to wait a month to be seen . absolutely amazing staff that made me feel i was worth the time and effort to be helped . good docs , too , by the way ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i bring my daughter here we have the best experience ! great team , amazing doctor !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family has been going to west valley vision center for three years , and we could n't be more satisfied . the office staff and the doctors are amazing , and they have very helpful people working with the extensive frame selection . i definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice to get my eyes checked and both times the staff is always very friendly and patient when it comes to explaining anything . both times i 've seen dr. lundquist and he 's very friendly and explains everything very well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place to go to get your eyes checked ! everyone is very friendly and always asks if you have any questions ! i would highly recommend this place . the only negative it getting an appointment , i had to wait 3 weeks because they were so booked and my schedule did n't fit with the days they had . but other than that the place is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am extremely pleased with the care i receive at west valley vision . during a recent check , dr. moore noticed an issue and recommended me to a specialist . not only does the specialist schedule hours at wvvc , but scheduling an appointment did n't take weeks like at other offices . their techs are knowledgeable and make me feel like they care , and their opticians have extensive experience . i 'm so glad i switched my eye care to dr. moore and the team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would rate a zero if that was an option . extremely poor customer service . i have been bringing in my children for 7+ years and have always had trouble with eye glass service . told one thing , another thing happens with no explanation or apology . incredibly inconsistent , left hand does not know what right hand is going . wo n't be returning . they have lost a good family .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 186 to have an eye exam for contact lenses . dr. stephen martin should be ashamed of himself . all they want is your money . their frame selection is small and way overpriced . go anywhere but here . the office staff are lazy and clueless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "short wait and dr. wilson took his time to do a very thorough exam as well as answer any questions i asked regarding my vision and glasses . the staff was also very friendly and helpful to answer all of my questions regarding contact lenses . i have been a patient here for four years and am very happy with how they have helped to correct my near vision .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . my 3 year old son has had glasses for about a year now and this place has always been so good to myself and my son . they are patient with him , never rush him or get impatient . quick to get the glasses in . great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall visit was excellent ! ! the staff and doctors were incredibly knowledgeable , tentative , patient , and had an amazing variety of frames !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shout out to west valley vision center ! i have to say , they were all very professional and made me feel welcomed . i love my new glasses and contacts ! also , from reading the last reviews regarding insurance benefits , they were on the spot and knew my benefits well . great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been seen by both dr burson and most recently dr. martin . both doctors have been very helpful . we have been going to west valley vision for approximately 10 years . i have had issues with light flashes and large floaters . dr. martin has been very compassionate in helping me . also he is very gentle and understanding that i blink a lot and my eyes are sensitive to opening wide and drops . i am not able to take advantage of the optimap because i blink too much . he understands this also . my husband has the start of macular degeneration and dr. martin recommended supplements that have helped . as other have said , prices may be higher for glasses , but in the long run it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top-notch facility , doctors , and options . bit more expensive . tried wvvc after going to target optical for a few years and having a change of insurance . this eye care group provides an exceptional service experience . staff is quick and helpful . doctors really seem to know their stuff and they use better technology than i 've seen in the past . ( i 'm a fan of anything that does n't dilate my eyes ! ) and they have a wide array of options spanning cheap to couture . two knocks -- price compared to my previous spend on glasses and contacts is almost $ 100 more for very similar options . lenses on my glasses appears to be the bulk of that . also , i 've had to hold on picking up my glasses after they came in at the wrong prescription . overall superb place and people . we are switching my entire family over as patients .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "started coming here in 2015 saw dr. anna moore and she is great . very sweet and personal . she really tries to get to know her patients and goes out of her way to catch up with you and make you feel comfortable . great doctor i recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience with dr. moore . she is very kind and explained things very well . i would highly recommend her !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've have glasses for 26 year and have been to a few differant eye docs . this is by far the worst one i have ever been to . i reluctantly went back after they went broke and opened with a new doctor . long story short i and still waiting to get my contacts 3 weeks later . the pair they gave me to hold me over until my new ones came in are wrong and i keep blinking them out . horrible doctors , horrible service , and rude front end workers . shity selection of eye glasses too ... . no stars ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family has gone to dr. phillips for 2 years and have had nothing but prompt and courteous , professional service from her and her staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with the other reviewer . the dr does not seem to listen nor care about you . the entire staff is rude and pushy . wo n't go back ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been many times , super friendly owner and staff , last time we accidentally stayed 30 minutes past closing and only realized when they unlocked the door to let us out apologized and were told with a smile not a problem thanks for coming . helpful tip : the poutine is vegetarian and is delicious . we get ice cream cakes from here a couple times a year and are always a big hit . a+ service a+ hot food and ice cream cakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this location can get annoyingly busy during the summer months . i really enjoy the caramel apple tart ( ca n't recall the exact name ) which comes with vanilla soft serve . the staff are nice and seem to keep the place clean . would definitely recommend and continue to visit", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on my way to the cottage from toronto . the staff and the owner were both on site and they are very friendly . i believe it is one of the few ice cream shops around that you get the creamiest milkshake and blizzards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's summer time and it 's nice to have a place to get a cold and sweet treats . but now they also offer some fast foods like burgers etc . nice staffs too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly atmosphere . the meat was perfect : shish kebab , lula kebab . armenian dolma was gorgeous . all salads were fresh and delicious . the owner suren very nice person same as ashot the waiter . price is more then affordable . we visited this restaurant at april 1st 2014 . we were 10 people celebrated birthday . everybody likes this place . i strongly recommend ani restaurant for the family party or just for diner or launch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i been invited here for birthday party celebration , is cozy reastoraunt w overage decor and open kitchen they just renovate the place.food was served banquet style everything in the middle of the table . food was fresh and good taste , staff was polite and attentive.overall we had good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great takeout . my family always gets the kebab + salad . friendly service and great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for a party on sunday night pros - food was delicious cons - service was a little slow - food was pricey", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food and nice service . pretty nice place to come in to dine in or take out . the owner and the staff were always very friendly and helpful and the price was very welcoming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "celebrating close friend 's birthday and anniversary . the mediterranean style food is excellent , especially shish kebabs and hinkali ( georgian style dumplings ) . service is attentive and timely . highly recommend for a casual dinner and wine with friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best place in gta soup horcho is perfect sturgeon on grill the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . they are supposed to be the graphic designers , and yet they ca n't tell me squat about how to change the dpi , or image size to fit their specifications . i 'm in the automotive business , and i know nothing about dpi or resolution or any of that crap . you 'd think that if you got the basic image over to them , they 'd be able to take care of any minor adjustments . nope . they 're useless ! never using them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best printing features offered around . combine it with a great design and your business will flourish from great prints alone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had designed a business card with all the bells and whistles ( colored edges , silk , and foil ) . they were shipped directly , and there was an issue with the order . thankfully brielle stepped in and corrected everything = ) really grateful . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "despite whats posted before , i 've used this company a number of times and found them to be professional , efficient and very good at what they did for me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have excellent customer service . brielle the general manager was very patient and throughly explained everything . i highly recommend them if your in need of any marketing tools . thank you again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and pricing . love the 32 pt silk cards ... we use them for our high end clients at 4evergrafix ... .would recommend to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they jerked me around for several months and still never finished my biz card project , unbelievably disorganized and unresponsive . a year later they sold my email address to scammers and i got some phishing email trying to get me to provide my apple id credentials . i know this because i have my domain setup allow any number of addresses , so i use a custom address for each business i interact with , just for this reason ... classy outfit . keep looking . update 6 22 16 : just got another one phishing as paypal . grrr . someone form dgi did reach out to me , assuring me they do n't sell email lists , but since they are the only ones i gave that email address to , please explain how this could happen ? oh , also , i 'm really talking about 4colorprint , but i understand this to be a subsidiary or alternate name for dgi .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service team at dgi was great to work with . i was a bit of a difficult customer because i wanted my business cards to look as professional and as cutting edge as possible . the dgi was extremely helpful with my order , every step of the way . i worked with 3-4 different representatives at any given time . they were very patient and diligent with my order , including my assigned representative , tina . i will be ordering more business cards with dgi in the future . i highly recommend their services . sincerely , christopher j. macchi , esq . managing member macchi law group , llc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been a long time customer of dgi aka silkcards and have never had a problem . from business cards , flyers and custom cards , they have always provided high quality work and consistently stay up to date with new trends in the industry . i highly recommend this company and their printing products .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "howard at dgi has done a great job making my business cards . they are very unique and the designers do a great job . i have used dgi at both of my businesses and would highly recommend them if you are looking to get top quality cards that stand out from the rest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we use these guys all the time and continue to be impressed . today we received the coolest cards yet , 3 layers , with two foils on each side , round corners and colored edges and they are sick ! worth the extra money if you want something that stands out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and quality specialty printing . when you call for customer service you get through to a human . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a terrible , drawn-out experience . i ordered cards about a month ago . immediately after opening them , i noticed several flaws . in my opinion , they should have never been shipped that way , but whatever , stuff happens . the worst part of this entire experience is n't that the cards look sloppy , though , it 's the fact that i had to mail them samples to prove it , and then today , had to ship them all back before they will get started on a reprint . if everything goes smoothly , it 'll be about two months from the time i ordered the cards to when i receive something that i can give to my client .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have ordered the 12mil plasti cards from dgi several times and always received high quality material you 'd expect . the order process is very simple , but efficient as they will send you a proof file before the order goes into production . my last order is about to run out , so i 'm about make another order soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had my business cards printed by dgi and in a word - fantastic . i was afraid to order printing online , but they could not have been more accommodating to all my special printing requests . they were proactive and checked with me to make sure everything was as i wanted it before they went to print . i ca n't say enough good things about them . my cards are incredible and i would and will use them again for printing my clients work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been in the design business for over 6 years . i have worked with numerous printers but never got as frustrated as i did with designline graphics . in 2008 i had a horrible experience with them , they printed my file in low resolution , the files were n't sent on time and no one was willing to solve anything . customer services is cold and rude . today i decided to give them another change . biggest mistake of my life ! they promised to have my file by a certain date ... well that did not happen , even after paying $ 45 more for next day shipping . when i called , again they were rude and unwilling to help . do not make the mistake of printing with them ! ! ! if you do.. good luck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used dgi many times - for printing only , not design - and have not had a problem . their prices are hard to beat and they offer many good services - i love the new edge color they offer and for a reasonable price . my most recent order was approved for print on march 24 . it shipped april 7 - 10 business days . the cards were shipped ups ground and arrived april 14 . so from approval to the cards in my hand was exactly 3 weeks which is perfect . i was satisfied with the cards and turnaround . i would recommend dgi over many of the other places out there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dgi silkcards is a great company . their products are top class with creative touch . where else can i get a qualitty and affordable creative card printing other than dgi ? the customer service is very accessible and they took their times to explain all the variety of their products and guide me through the setup and ordering processes . i love the beauty and quality of their products . thanks and i will be pleased to order from you again . - francis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality is fine , if you do n't care about any sort of reasonable delivery , i placed my order two days before thanksgiving , approved the artwork on thanksgiving , as of today the 11th of december , according to the production icon , is still in printing , i have e-mailed 4 times inquiring about an estimated delivery , still no answer or response , will never use these hacks again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as an update to my last review of designline . out of respect for their management getting back to me and hashing out my concerns they in fairness issued back a 50 % refund for the miscommunication . the quality of the product is quite good and what was further discussed was the better communication with deadlines and the realistic time lines of production .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we ordered our business cards from designline graphics a few months ago for our home decor shop , kulture bomb . as a business concerned with the style and quality of our cards ( since they reflect the style and quality of our store ) , we were very happy with the results . the customer service was great , and the cards were gorgeous . the gold foil printing on the front has received many compliments ! we were so pleased that we just placed an order for more today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great experience for anyone needing any type of print services . i am a graphic designer and i have ordered from them before . they have been very helpful anytime i 've needed help by phone or through chat . i am ordering again and tina has been more than helpful on the phone even letting me know about their current promotions . i will be using them any time i need anything printed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am happy and please to see a company that goes the extra mile to not only ensure the quality of work , yet also quality of doing business . well done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i decided to give designline graphics another try because the owner reached out to me with a very nice note . i am glad i did , they were excellent . the cards are perfect , and the turnaround was quick . their customer service more than made up for my previous bad experience , and i will definitely use them again . thank you to henry for making this transaction so much better than the first , i look forward to working with you guys again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we use designline graphics uv gloss cards , with a custom diecut for our 'impulse letters ' necklace hangers at my capital letters . we were very tediously hand-cutting and punching card-stock previous to finding designline . very happy with the results ! we will definitely be returning customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've made 2 purchases and so far the cards have been perfect . my only issue is the long production time , but that 's not at all a big deal as long as i can inform my client ahead of time . the cards were fantastic and my clients were very pleased . whenever using any outside vendor , we always thoroughly preflight our files and are sure to send hi-res pdf files with crops & bleeds . as the content creator , it 's our responsibility to be sure the files we send are 100 % perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "seeing some mixed reviews , i was a bit nervous to go with this company . but , i 'm so glad i did . they produced an excellent product ( see pic ) , in an insanely-fast turnaround time , and for a fantastic price . no one else could even come close to the price or timeline ! i will definitely use them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "silkcards really are the premier business card printer . the amount of options and quality is second to none . as a designer , seeing your work finished at the highest quality is the greatest feeling . thanks for all you do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been dealing with this company for almost 20 years . i 've watched them start out . i 've watched them grow . unlike a lot of businesses , where customer service and attention to detail usually decline as companies grow , silkcards designline has only gotten better . better about communication better about customer service and ultimately-better with the end products that i 've literally spent tens of thousands of dollars on over the years . here 's the important points : their graphic design team is competent and fast their customer service is prompt and informed they stand behind their work and the products that you will recieve . they offer so many options for every budget . these guys have always come through for me . short deadlines , difficult jobs.-never an issue . i implore you to try them out once . you 'll be happy with what you get and it wo n't cost you an arm and a leg .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid product ! we 've ordered from them a dozen times . service is good and product is solid so felt the need to post here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after spending close to $ 1000 for their album samples , and talking to a representative on the phone , i feel disgusted . their representative was rude and sarcastic . i will be taking my business elsewhere . the quality of their albums is poor anyway .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pass on this headache of a company . would not recommend dealing with them . my order arrived with many defects . took several clear pictures of the imperfections , and was given the we do n't see it response . ( so it begins ) i mailed back a good amount of defective units ( at my cost btw ) and mailed back the full order on a second box as they were just sitting there collecting dust . silkcards ignored my emails until i contacted amex and submitted a dispute . when silkcards refused to live up to their product , amex provided a full refund . thank you amex ! tip ! use your credit card for online orders not your debit card . the card company will serve like a judge on a merchant dispute .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this company , great materials and great service . awesome customer service and have only used them since we opened our business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have used silkcards for several years now for my business cards and they are a notch above other similar card companies on the market . the quality and attention to detail is the best . the thicker , quality textured , cards along with the spot uv make a killer combination for presentation . i am just now ordering some presentation folders as well . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boy oh boy . not once , not twice but three times a fail . this company is a major headache . not only did they ruin my first batch of cards they screened up my 3rd attempt at an order and over charged me for a quote i never authorized . i called to speak with the manager and he said he could offer me 15 % , really after messing up repeatedly ? that was my fault trying to give this company another chance . lesson learned do n't even bother .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've always been very pleased with the customer support you have provided to me . they are very quick to get back to me with answers . we get compliments all the time from customers that our cards are one of a kind . thank you for all your help", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were a customer for years and frankly the quality was n't great , but was n't bad either , we did n't mind it taking a couple weeks to get new cards , we just liked them because it was easy to reorder . to make long story longer , we ordered a new batch of cards and this time the color was off-white instead of white . we called and explained and they said to ship back the cards and they would remake the cards . we asked for their shipping number and they said we had to pay for return shipping of the wrong cards . after over half a dozen conversations , we gave up and are ordering from a different company . i guess their business is going well enough to blow off current customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great experience ! i sent off my files and the cards came back perfect ! the foiling and side coloring look better than we ever could 've expected . very high quality cards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed in their level of competence and attention to detail . i provided specific instructions about how i wanted my business card to look like and they consistently ignored them and failed to incorporate my design revisions . the level of incompetence was staggering and proven by more than 15 revisions required to get a two-sided business card right . the graphic design is outsourced and completed by foreigners who obviously had a hard time comprehending english and following specific directions . while the final product is very nice i will never deal with them again for anything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the print quality is excellent ! there are so many beautiful and unique options to choose from . the price is great and i received my cards much faster then i expected . everyone who sees my cards wants to know where i had them made . i will definitely be using this company again for more promotional materials", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been ordering from them for about 3 years and they have always done a great job . we order the 30mil plastic cards and their pricing is much better than anywhere else online that we have been able to find . we have placed over 20 orders and only one time was there a concern with quality . they were extremely responsive and had it fixed right away with a replacement order . i have recommended them to a few different people that have been impressed with our business cards and they have all been very happy as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "silkcards has produced my company plastic gift cards for four years . their product , price , turnaround time and customer service are excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service . printing quality very bad , more than half of the cards are mis printed and look horrible . do not support this company . there are plenty of other places that will print nicer quality business cards at a cheaper price ... who will treat you like a valued customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not use these guys or i should say this guy for your card printing . it 's a one person marketing operation which the guy outsource the printing to china . like others have mentioned unresponsive , did not deliver on time for my project , i wasted it $ 180 with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company is fabulous ! they are very courteous , efficient and their work is unbelievable ! i have had several products made through them and they have always met my expectations . i will never go to another printer again . they have made marketing items , business cards and even custom perforated surprise gift cards ! i would recommend this printer to anybody . i will attach some pictures of the work they have done for my business . nothing like silkcards ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is horrible . i ordered some plastic business cards and it took them almost 2 weeks to even put them into production . then when i finally received the order the colors on the card were so much darker than the actually proof they sent me to approve . is this company is very cheap in price and very , very cheap in quality . there customer service is on the bottom of the barrel . they did not try at all to rectify the problem . they wanted more money to fix the problem that exist with there poor quality printing . please be aware stay away its not worth it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just had my second baby with dr. baradaran . which required a repeat c-section . which went great ! what distinguish him from my other ob gyn , you will not see any other providers but him , who is a great physician and surgeon . my pregnancy was complicated with diabetes and preeclampsia . he took great care of me and my baby . he will make you feel very special on every visit . in fact , i am looking forward in getting pregnant again , so i can visit their office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , i would like to just start off by saying that i am terrified of many medical professionals and that i despise going to the doctor . however , dr. baradaran is the best ! he 's so polite and his bedside manner is amazing and he makes you feel very comfortable ! ive only been to see him twice and on each visit he has gone out of his way to speak to me as more of a `` friend '' than a doctor . because he knows i am one of his more `` neurotic '' patients , he will go out of his way to personally call me and inform me of test results . they do n't make doctors like this anymore ! great doctor ! thank you , dr ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing doctor that truly cares . i highly recommend him . he is knowledgeable and the office is clean and nice . his personnel is also great so you ca n't go wrong with this place and doctor", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the groupon so i came in for the 30 minutes of foot massage with the 30 minutes of ion detox . i have to say that the 30 minutes of foot leg massage was the best i have received . joe pressed all the right points and with force . it does hurt a bit , but it was a good pain . if you want a relaxing foot massage , this is not it . if you want one that is to relieve other problems , then it definitely is . i enjoyed every single minute of the foot massage . the reason why other foot massage places get four star from me is because when they do the foot massage , they massage your foot as a whole . the reason why joe gets a five star from me is because he pressed each area of my foot , based on the pressure point . i have had many foot massage and did my own reading , so i know how to tell when the foot massage is performed based on the pressure point . i am a big fan and will return ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best reflexology massage place i have ever been to . prices are great as well . $ 38 for a 60 minute massage . i highly recommend this place . only complaint is that one time i went in there to get a massage and my masseuse smelt like he had been drinking for 3 days straight and the smell of cigarette smoke on his hands made me wan na throw up . i 've only had that experience once , and have been there several times . i would still recommend the place . hoping that guy got fired .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been to this place about 5 times ... i cocktail and know first hand the stress that has on you physically and i can say they have really helped with my tension . its easy yet relaxing and also cheap ... . its just wayyy better than spending over $ 100 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for a massage and it was kinda busy so we were waiting in the middle row to be finished.. and once they were finished , 2 of them came over to us to get us set up while the other guy was cleaning up ... he was re-folding the used towels ... and the manager lady ran over to him and said in chinese `` the customer is watching you ! .. go fold those towels in the back '' my friend understands and speaks chinese . gross ! ! and come to think of it.. i have never heard a washer dryer back there.. nor have i ever seen them bring fresh new towels in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i had a groupon over the weekend for the foot massage and detox . everything was wonderful . it was was our first massage and we had no idea we were supposed to leave a tip . we walked out and the woman waved us down . we thought maybe we left something . she came up to our car window and kept saying `` tip tip tip '' . we kept apologizing saying we had no money and she kept harassing us asking for a tip . she finally went inside and told us to wait here . we drove away and she ran back out whistling at us to come back . what the hell ? i am still so shook up about this . your employees need to be aware that tips should never be expected or required and should always be appreciated no matter how or small . we will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "soooo worth it . a wonderful full on one hour massage for 38 $ ! not only that but they concentrate on the spots they feel a lot of tension in , and listen to the customer 's needs . the boss was super nice and greeted everyone before she left . really nice decor and soothing music that made me fall asleep more than once .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pure foot spa , is my favorite pleace to get foot massage , they 've made my friend yelp , cry , and holler out in pain . but who cares cause the massage are just good or even better ! apple was giving me my foot massage , i fell asleep , it was the most relaxing experience ever . i tipped her $ 10 . i like this place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "strange when you walk in , you 're just directed to a chair . other than they answer their cell phones while working on you , i have no other complaints . i am plagued by awful headaches that last weeks , as lucky touched my foot i almost came out of the chair . he worked at it until he could touch it , and when we left my headache was gone ! we did a groupon , so nothing other than feet and legs were done , but we did get an ionic trwatment and 1 2 hour of feets for $ 22 , so i wo n't whine . i will be going back ! absolutely . i feel good ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to many foot spas around my area . and this one by far is the best ! they have a special for 75 minutes with included hot stone for only $ 39 . this is an excellent deal and the one i recommend . they are all very professional and do the best massage . ask for ivey as she is very strong and through . they also close very late as well at midnight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great value for the money . there was not a lot of communication with the masseuse but she performed exceptionally . i found the chair coupled with the music to be very relaxing . the could be some better explanation of the electrical detoxification ; nonetheless , it was a nice little bonus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wonderful ! ! ! ! i had jason and my roomate had apple , this morning for the one hour massage for $ 39 . they were very friendly , professional and really worked our muscles ! we will be back ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed . stuck my feet in a bucket and walked away . came back because the ion was beeping over and over again . pulled my feet out after 15 minutes to stop the beeping . when she finally started my foot massage she was still working on someone else so she kept getting up and she even got up to put the music back on . i paid my money and walked out at 35 minutes . there were only four people working and the two that were finished before her and the lady that was working on my husband were in the back doing nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a professional dancer , and i got a foot massage by ken and it was everything i needed ! i also got a full body massage by ivy and she implemented hot stone massage into it . extremely relaxing . she did some deep tissue and some relaxation massage . loved it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe was my massage foot therapist . he really knows his stuff . i went to school at nevada school of massage therapist and joe hit all the pressure point of reflexology . i got the 1 hour foot leg head and back massage together with the detox all for an hour for only 38 but i gave him 53 because he deserves that 15 dollars tip . so worth it and will definitely recommend this place . i paid joe.. i advice everyone to get a foot massage at least every two weeks or once a month", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a private deep tissue massage this is not the place for you . the place is basically one room with about 15 comfy recliners . it is quiet and relaxing none the less . they massage your shoulders , legs , temples , and arms while your feet soak . then they give you a wonderful foot rub . get the next package up and add 15 mins for your back . the prices can not be beat ( 20 for 30min , 28 for 45 and i want to say 35 for an hour . i usually always get the 45 to hour package . walk ins are welcome and i have only had to wait once . seriously , just walk in and they take care of you . if you plan on going during a holiday then i would suggest making an appointment just in case . the one time it was busy was during a holiday . i recommend this place for a nice inexpensive fix !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! so relaxing , the perfect reflexology spot ! atmosphere is quiet and relaxing . they start with offering you a water of tea . i recommend the tea . i usually get a 45 minute session . really great prices for the services . this really is one of the best places in vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guys , do n't be fooled . the awesome yelp rating is due to the spa pressuring you to give a good review on yelp before you can avail your check in offer . as soon as i entered there was a musty smell . it was pitch dark and the lady had to shine a torch to usher us in . i asked for a 75 min foot massage and instead i got a confused version of a full body massage with my clothes on . the massage was aggressive and haphazard . the check on offer of the use of hot stones was bizarre as they were extremely hot and were being used a scrub ! and to top it all off as we were leaving we were pressured into leaving a bigger tip than we actually wanted to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is probably one of my favorite place to go to if i need a full body massage . always a great experience", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well i was told to call 30 minutes before so i would not be waiting . i called 50 minutes before and still no change . i gave this place the benefit of the doubt and here i sit 25 minutes later and no one has started.. plenty of other places on durango for $ 35 an hour ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to a million foot spas in las vegas and this one is my absolute favorite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time . worst ever . if i wanted lotion rubbed on my body i would e saved the $ 50 and done it myself . had a huge headache hoping to get some relief . waste . very disappointed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pure foot & spa is the best ! ! i originally started going to the spring mountain location when i did live in vegas and the foot massages have always been magnificent . i recently tried out the new location and my experience was none the less just as great ! this new location has way more comfortable massage chairs that can be tilted for better relaxation . the owner angel is very nice and adds a nice touch to the whole experience . she makes sure that you are comfortable and is also very personable . i would recommend this place to all my friends . ca n't wait till the next foot massage !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so in love with this place . new and clean . 38 bucks for an hour . its called foot massage but they actually work from ur head to toes . if u are not used to this kind of massage , u might feel like u got beaten up . this is the kind of massage i prefer , strong pressure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our massage was excellent ! the staff are very attentive and professional . the ambience is wonderful and we will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome experience ! ! i got the 90 minute foot massage package , and it was well worth it . extremely relaxing , and he used plenty of pressure , which i love . very professional and offered hot tea ! will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after coming here then experiencing some of the other foot spas in the city , this one has to be my favorite . i always seem to leave feeling looser and extremely relaxed . the only thing i 've seen another place do that i wish this one would incorporate is a cup of tea or water .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love it ! heavenly ! super clean ! super deep tissue just the way i love it . oh and not to mention ... . very very quiet and relaxing in comparison to others", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always have been curious about these late night massage & foot spa places.. tried it for the first time..i had a 75 min detox session with joe for only $ 40 ... mother 's day special.. i took my sister and boyfriend with me ... and ill definitely go back ! ! ! the chairs were new & very comfortable ... so relaxing and well worth the price ... they offered water or hot tea when we walked it ... . it was nice and dark instantly felt relaxed ... we all were seated next to each other & we all started & finished at the same time ... i will be back for sure ! ! ! thank you pure foot & spa for your professionalism see you soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was by far the best place for a massage while on a mini vacay to vegas . a local friend recommended i try their foot soaks and it really removed all the toxins within minutes . ivy did my massage and was fairly gentle as i am sensitive and had a ton of knots in my back . other places i 've been to always talked about either their promotions or about their personal lives but she kept that to a minimum . much appreciated ! also , i was told be another customer that ken was good but i have yet to try . the only downfall i had with this place was the lack of privacy and silence . its an open room with curtains separating the couches but noise will still travel but overall , i came out relaxed and satisfied . will return again when i visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "massage feels great , sometimes pushes the limits on certain areas massaged ( unprofessional ) but still better than commercial massage chains . also , the place kind of smells like feet , not ideal for relaxation .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been to both locations and always had a good experience . come on , $ 38 for a one hour massage ? ? ca n't beat that ! ! i know it seems kinda weird to have a massage in one big room with other people , but it works . just relax , close your eyes , and enjoy a soothing rub down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got a hot stone sea salt reflexology from ken . it was amazing . i will definitely be back . very peaceful and calm", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working long shifts and have been on my feet all day , so my feet were killing me . it was late so i am glad that pure foot spa was open ! ! ! angel , who is the manager , was very kind when greeting me and made me feel welcome . very modern looking and very comfy chairs . i have had several foot massages and some where done by masseuse who did not know what they were doing , but not here at pure foot and spa ! tom was phenomenal ! ! i had him spend 30 min on my feet and afterwards my feet way better ! ! also you will get a card that they stamp and after 10 foot massages , you will get one free ! iam definitely coming back . my feet thanks you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this spa during my vacation in vegas recently . i love how caring and sincere the customer service that they provide . i purchased the groupon on their yelp that was $ 39 for a 75 minute massage and hot stone included . the massage was tailored to my needs and sensibility . it was a comfortable experience and i would definitely come back again ! thank you pure foot & spa ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i purchased a groupon for a 30 minute ion detox and a 45 minute hot stone reflexology and it was amazing . i was able to upgrade and get a 15 minute back rub added on for only $ 10 . definitely worth it . go to ivy , she was wonderful . it was very peaceful and relaxing and i got a cup of tea to drink while my feet were detoxing . i definitely will go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great massages ! best $ 38 i 've ever spent . my boyfriend and i got hour long full body massages . i 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for a 45 min massage , come out feeling like a whole new person ! i love the atmosphere , the light is dim and quiet . super relaxing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an absolutely wonder experience . joe did my massage , i used the # groupon from my phone , and this was the best experience i ever had , i will definitely go there again when i visit las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this vest kept secret in las vegas . i 'm floating on air after my 1 hr massage with kerry and ivy , feeling soooo relaxed ! ! ! will definitely be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love the atmosphere . very dim lights with sheer drapes between each chair . very lovely . they really took care of every part of my body . they never rushed the work either . one big thing is normally asians be all rude but this lady was very nice . $ 38 for a foot massage and she did my whole body .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my massage was amazing . judy is great my bad feels so much better and it was so relaxing . i will be coming back very soon . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called just about 40 mins before closing time and the gentleman who picked up said they 're welcoming clients up until they close at midnight . i refused to be that client who walks in almost closing time but my back was in excruciating pain and i 'd rather get it worked on than take pain relievers . i walked in and i was welcomed by ken , who immediately offered me something to drink and their private room as i was the only guest . this was around 11:40 , 20 minutes before closing time . i told him i just needed my back worked on and i did n't want to keep him past midnight . he told me not to worry about it and to take advantage of their affordable pricing . for $ 38 , he gave me a full body massage and also added hot stone for my back and feet at no extra charge . not to mention , he provided additional time and attention to my back 's problem area . i was impressively pleased by his attention to detail and customer service . definitely worth the late night trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it here ! joe was my masseuse and he was great . used the right amount of pressure and even got most of my knots . would definitely go here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! i love this place ! i 've tried several reflexology places and this one is top notch . i 've never had a bad massage . all the therapists are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was amazing ! excellent service and he staff is so wonderful ! very relaxed and happy ! clean environment and open late for when you 're in pain !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am 100 % confident that we did not receive a full hour message . we will not be coming back nor refer your services . whe", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've came here a couple times with my mom and have really enjoyed it . modern set up , friendly staff and the massage each time has been just what i needed . not too much and not too little , very relaxing . my only complaint would be it 's one big open room and even though everyone tries their best to be quiet , it can sometimes get noisy especially when busy . they also provide a punch card which i like !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love pure foot spa ! ! the service and environment is amazing ! ! i 've been coming for a long time and i 've never been disappointed ! ! i highly recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i came in for the 30 minute reflexology and were absolutely impressed . the atmosphere was calming and quiet . then within a few minutes we were brought green tea , which was a very nice touch . the whole experience was very relaxing and a great value . we definitely got all 30 minutes as promised . kelly and ken did a fantastic job . we will absolutely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ken did an amazing job ! highly recommend him ! very kind & pays attention to what you like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time is also my last time here . we came here around 10pm , they only had 4 people working here so one of us had to wait . the lady 's touch was horrible . the technique was bad , it was not strong but it was hurt . i asked the other friends who came here with me , none of them had a good massage either . i did not feel like i had a massage at all . wasted my time and money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "weird experience . i showed up , asked in advance if they do a 30 min massage , i was on my lunchbreak and only had 30 mins . i have been to multiple places that do a 30 min . foot body massage . a woman told me yes , set me up with my feet soaking in my chair and the lady walked away . about 5 mins later a man came thru the front door and asked me what i wanted . i told him i just wanted a 30 min neck back massage as i had a kink in my neck . he told me they do n't do that . only 45 mins . 30 mins was not enough time . i explained my situation and they told me i had to buy 45 mins at $ 30 i said ok thank you and went on my way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "highly recommend ivy or ken for a massage . the place is very peaceful and everything is clean . they even offered me a drink before starting and ending !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was ahhmazing i woke myself up with a snore ! my the lady man handled me and it was awesome hit all the pressure points and i feel like heaven . place is awesome will come back got a stamp card ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here now for a few years when i visit vegas and love the place . they 've always accommodated me even when i just walk in and the atmosphere is always very relaxing . would be better if the room was semi private but since i usually go during daylight hours , it 's nearly always empty at that time so it works out . i 've had both ken and ivy do my massages but my last massage from ivy was really amazing . well worth the drive from the strip ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok i feel like i went somewhere different from some of these reviews . maybe it depends on who you get and how much you pay . i had a groupon for a 30 minute reflexology . i thought reflexology was hitting pressure points on your feet while focusing on areas that need help . the man ( name ? ) rubbed sea salt on my calves and feet most of the time , so much so that it felt like the skin on my legs was becoming raw . he used hot stones for a couple of minutes , put lotion on and i was done ! waste of money and time , so disappointed", "score": "1"}
{"review": "highly recommend for anyone that wants a good foot massage ! very professional quiet and guaranteed to sleep well", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great massage place by rainbow , clean and comfortable atmosphere . my friend and i just left this place and it was very relaxing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is wow ! ! ! ! i died and went to the other side of total relaxation . `` ivy '' was amazing . i thought i would go in for a foot message , but boy do i ever get soooo much more ! ! ! ! why on earth would you ever go to that `` envy '' place . there 's nothing that they have to envy about . look no further pure foot & spa is wonderful ! ! ! i left with my body floating . if i can i will return for another taste of heaven . either way this will be my weekly 60 minutes of vacation get away from now on ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i keep coming back here . we ca n't seem to find another with as great of customer service . they are thorough with the massages and make you feel comfortable . i love the hot tea before the massage and the bottle of water after the massage ; great touch . i recommend ken if you need a deep tissue massage . we have now been customers of theirs for 3 years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a relaxing time ! much needed . ken got rid of those knots in my back ! yes ! ! if you want peace , relaxation , and reasonable pricing , this is your place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went to las vegas for our anniversary and wanted to splurge on a massage of some sort . we found pure foot & spa on yelp , and decided to give it a try due to the online special . we were thrilled with our choice ! the space is calm and relaxing ; the furniture and decor is new and clean ; and , our technician did an excellent job on the massage . do not be intimidated by the dark room when you walk in or the lack of fluent english . this was a wonderful experience and pure foot & spa was very skilled and professional . i hope we can find a place like this closer to home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here now every mondays when they open . lina always the one who gives my hour massage and everytime it feels so good and relaxing . i 'm always stressed out so i make it to a point that i stop by here to get my most needed relaxing and alone time.. it 's very affordable too.. i 'm done paying 75 $ for 45 mins massage and they 're not even good . i recommend this place and it looks clean.. actually it just looks clean but i noticed that because i come her every other week , and i pay attention . they do n't change the towels covering their chairs , and the towels they use for your back and and feet are probably not washed . so ill most likely check out other places now . too bad : ( coz i like it here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pleasantly surprised by this place . i did a reflexology , ion detox foot bath and back massage package through groupon with my husband . we both left feeling incredible and will absolutely revisit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good massage . clean and nice service . i 'll be back . went with my sister and mother and we enjoyed it so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good massage and most importantly clean . everyone was polite , friendly , and all smiles . the hot stones on the legs and back were very nice . i 'll be back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in lv visiting family and my cousin brought me in for a massage and facial . my face was baby soft after my facial , and my 60 minute massage released all the knots on my back ! when i comeback for another visit i will definitely be coming here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first time at a foot spa here in vegas and i was not disappointed . great foot massage and ionic bath . i will definitely go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my hubby bought me the 45 min massage and 30 min ion detox for valentine 's day . i really enjoyed my experience . the masseuse was kind and gentle . she hit all the pressure points in my feet and legs without it being uncomfortable . they also use a sea salt scrub which was very exfoliating . not every place does that . the ion detox was interesting . i hope it works . the only cons were that other places give you a quick shoulders and back massage . this place does not . they also do n't have as much privacy because they use linen instead of partitions . but neither thing would prevent me from going again . i definitely recommend it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's easy to go to if you live close . but after my second time here i do n't think i want to go back . i just rather try other places . my first time was relaxing . the second time he convinced me to do a 1hr with the back massage because he gave me the stone foot massage with it . this was the only time i did n't fall asleep during a massage . i should 've told her harder pressure . my friend said he worked on her feet too fast where it was n't relaxing . it 's quiet and dark so that 's good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the service they provide here . they really do take great care . if you do n't tell them what you like or do n't like then that 's your fault . they do their best to meet your needs . i love coming here . the cost of service is well worth it . the has been my place to come to for the pass 2 years when i have free time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite place to get a good massage . this place is very clean , ivy and the staff are very friendly . i work 3 12 hour shift and i go to school 4 days a week . imagine how tired my body is , at the end of the week i need to relax and this place is perfect for that . judy the person that massage me today is amazing , she took every inch of pain in my body . will definitely come back and look for her again . thank you ! ill sleep well tonight . update : judy is gone she does n't work there anymore , but lulu the new massage therapist shes really awesome ! she took my pin point pain away in my body . anyways just new update . shes my new favorite . see you soon guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will never go to another massage place again . this place is amazing . it felt so good i did n't care if they told me it was $ 150 . i would of paid it because it was so worth it . i 've spent lots of money on massages but this place is the best and so inexpensive . only $ 38 . i will never go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we recently had our backyard patio and basketball court acid stained and they did a fantastic job . the work done on our concrete looks amazing and we love it ! the crew was immaculate too . they taped off the entire area where they worked so there was no overspray , and when the job was completed in just a few short days they left the yard spotless . we could n't be happier with their customer service , the communication , and the results . we would highly recommend this company to anyone looking to have their concrete stained or finished .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super prompt and diligent in responding to my request for a quote and offered to come out right away to assess the space and provide options . would definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had our dog grooming area done this weekend by your coatings guys . they did an excellent job . i am hoping to have them do the rest of our floors very soon . there service was prompt and done in a timely manner . i highly recomment these guys for your flooring needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never write reviews but this company is horrible so i felt compelled to write a review . did n't want others to do business with this company and have the same experience we did . we asked for a quote , which took forever to get . following the quote we were supposed to get samples to pick a color which we never got - finally they delivered it the day before we were scheduled to have our pool deck done ( we had to call and ask for it twice that day ) . the day we were scheduled , they never showed - just did n't show up . we tried calling to see what happened , no one answered our calls , no one phoned us back . they are horrible . we had an entire renovation of our backyard and this was the last step to be finished prior to our son 's 8th birthday party and they just no showed . i will be calling the better business bureau as well . horrible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible horrible place ! ! ! ! my son saved his money for 1 year to buy a car and brought it in to this napa shop to get the oil and transmission fluid changed . this car ran perfectly prior to bringing it here , no leaks or over heating at all ... until he went to pick it up and they claimed the water pump had `` a huge crack ! '' then he later recanted his statement saying it was n't cracked and it started leaking after he removed the radiator cap ! now they wo n't claim responsibility and we are pursing this matter in court ! i will never recommend this place ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just had the 100k service done on my wife 's van . they got me in and out in a timely manner . i 've been taking my vehicles to stamps for a couple of years now and plan on using them for many more to come ! dave was awesome ! thank you stamps auto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst experience i 've ever had with an auto repair shop ! ! my vehicle was misdiagnosed several times , came back with new issues stemming from the `` repairs '' done , and we got an attitude of not caring whether the job was done right or not from the management . never again would i go to this shop or recommend it to anyone i half way liked .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in got my oil changed and did n't have any problems . price was great and the service was awesome ! will return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just recently had brake service , and a oil change done at this shop the people seem friendly , and the prices were average we did get a discount on the brake and oil service which help across the total bill . if you are looking for a shop you might to try this place . compare to the other repairs shops in the area these guys are better than those others shops and belive me i have done business with them all and you can read my reviews on them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not one to often write reviews , good or bad , but in this case i just had to make an exception . never in my life have i left a mechanic with a check engine light on without at least being told what the problem was and given a quote to fix it ; this napa ended that streak . apparently these days if you want something done or checked on your vehicle , you better make a list and make sure you do n't miss anything because they sure wo n't take the initiative to do it themselves . bottom line , all around bad business and very poor customer service , plain and simple . if you care about service and quality , take your vehicle elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fast and friendly , gave me great service at a fair price . offered online coupons if i needed them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here again but this time with my jeep . it seems they hired better staff and had some great deals going . the place is well kept and looks like they added a u haul service to their business . i compared the prices of my oil change , 29 bucks , and battery replacement 120 bucks out the door and those seem to be amongst the best . i 'd recommend this auto repair shop to anyone in san tan valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i live in the area and thought , `` who cares just another chicken place '' . i finally tried it the other week and i am hooked ! the chicken is so much juicer and tasty than others around . also the potatoes have more flavor & less grease . it 's also refreshing that there are ribs , fish , cutlets , diffrent types of salads , olives and grilled veggies . they have amazing daily deals ! there is a lunch special , whole chickens for $ 8 before 4pm ( 7 days per week ) and the last time i went i saw a sign for all you can eat ribs on wednesdays . it 's clean , modern and you see all the cooking done in front of you . what also set 's pauls apart from the others is that the staff are polite and want to help you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came recently . loved the chicken ! i thought it was juicy and tender . got it with the hot sauce , which was just spicy enough to make my lip tingle . also tried the potato balls and paella , which were bland in comparison . i 'd stick with the chicken . ca n't wait to come back and try the burnt custard ! i know they have live music on the weekend , but just took out and did n't stay around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "as many have been saying here `` much more than just another portuguese chicken and fish shop '' . for something of a change , other than their wonderful rotisserie and grilled chicken and wonderful battered and unbattered fish , i suggest the pork chops or the roast beef in reduced wine gravy . succulent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been back probably 10 times since writing my initial review and i have to downgrade a star for inconsistency . while the potatoes are usually delicious and crispy , they have been undercooked a few times . also , the rice can be extremely greasy . the service continues to be a bit rude as well .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my take-out half-chicken dinner with lots of vegetables was quite good . i also ordered a small order of olives which at $ 3 was a very generous portion and some of the meatiest olives i 've ever had . that is why they get an extra star . because these damned olives are so meaty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "3.5 stars came here a couple times , and i am going to be honest , almost everything sucks but the chicken . it is safe to say that the chicken could be the best around this area . the rice , is alright , and the potato balls are always under cooked . ( still not bad ) i had the fish the last time i payed a visit there , and there was nothing really special about it . i was a bit disappointed . the decor through out the place , was very pleasing to the eye , and the service was speedy and friendly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came here from a friends raving recommendation that this place serves the best chicken in town . it has a small store front , but when you walk in you see there 's actually a big space for dinning at the back . however , i just came for the take out experience and order the dinner for two package for $ 18 . expecting the chicken to be overrated from my friends glowing review , i was actually surprised by how great the chicken actually is here . the chicken is perfectly moist and tender , it 's by far the most juicy chicken i have ever sliced into . i can see the difference even before i 've taken a bite out of it versus say something one buys from metro or gets from swiss chalet . the sides of rice and fresh potatoes were just ok to me , but the in house made hot sauce was splendid .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been back a number of times ordering the chicken dinner and each time it was delicious . the salt content has improved . the hot sauce is a little less vinegary which is subjective ( i prefer red peppery ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "much like the other mexico city locations the food here is pretty good . unfortunately due to the terrible lunch time service i do n't think i 'll be returning . my party of 7 arrived at 11:45 , before the lunch rush hit . we ended up not getting our food till after 12:45 . when the food was finally delivered several orders were wrong ( asked for just sour cream , given everything but sour cream , ordered two tacos , given and charged for the 3 taco meal , etc . ) after sending one of the items back to be corrected we asked for our checks , and asked if they could be separated . we were told that they wont do separate checks for groups over six because `` it takes too long . '' finally after being there for an hour twenty ( only have an hour for lunch ) we were able to get out of the door . though the food was good , due to the service and long wait i will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my experience here was fine . the service was fast and friendly ... as i was the only one in there for quite some time . i ordered the super burrito which was a combo of the mexico city burrito and gold & black burrito along with an al pastor taco . the steak had good flavor but the nacho cheese sauce of the gold and black i could have done without . the al pastor was tasty but the tortillas were a little dry . my biggest gripe was that the beer was not very cold .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ummm ... no . wanted to hit this place for a while due to good yelp reviews , but i 'm rarely downtown for lunch . pretty disappointing . service was a little slow , and i was there after the lunch rush , one of two guys sitting at the bar . waited for a while for my check and finally just walked over to the register . they were very friendly - just did n't seem completely on top of things . food was pretty bland . the barbacoa taco was okay , the chicken was like microwaved frozen chicken bits . definitely not worth $ 3 taco . it 's pretty bad if this is the best mexican place downtown . decor in the wood st. location is n't bad , though . colorful , if a bit dark for a `` festive '' decor . futbol on the tvs , though . ca n't go wrong with that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everything on the menu has been jacked up $ 1 sometime over the last week ( $ 0.30 for tacos ) i have eaten here numerous times now . the food is consistently a little on the dry side . it is still reasonably tasty , but it could be much better . this time i ordered a traditional burrito ( $ 8.54 with tax ) and that was all it was . nothing on the side : no rice , no beans , nada . i left feeling hungry and wishing there were a chipotle downtown now they they jacked up the prices . their food is not worth the extra dollar honestly , but what other options really are there ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "why do i even bother with this place ? the guacamole fresco . it 's awesome . a whole avocado mashed with cilantro , onion and jalapeno before your very eyes . unfortunately there 's nothing really worth putting it on . they 're stingy with the chips , and i prefer thinner ; i 've already had bad experiences with both their pork and their black-and-gold enchiladas ; and now i have experienced their undercooked quesadilla with a sliver ( 2 millimeters ? ) of cheese between the layers . maybe a nice margarita on the rocks would help ? not unless you like triple sec and kool aid . next time i 'll just bring a bag of tostitos .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "on a recent trip to pittsburgh my friends and i were in the mood to start our day off with some margaritas . walking through downtown we found this place and were not disappointed . the margaritas were strong and tasty . my favorite had to be the guacamole which was prepared fresh at the table . we tried a few other dishes and they were yummy ! the service was good and we had a great experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "um really , 2 1 2 stars for this joint ? ! ? i 'm shocked just shocked ! i noticed their smithfield location is 4 stars , and this seems more inline with what i think . however i 'm reviewing here , because this is the location that i frequent most , since it 's only a few blocks from my workplace . this is my group 's place , at least once a week ! the hot fresh salty chips with the spicy cilantroyee salsa is muy yum ! table side guac , yes please ... with extra jalapenos . this is most certainly a lunch place , the service is fast & efficient , and the food is fresh & yummy . i have eaten here for dinner before , and they are not known for their alcoholic drinks , and are n't uber busy during those hours . i would stick to their lunch hour to be guaranteed a fantastic authentic new mexican meal . must tries : table side guac , chicken enchiladas with just about any sauce , quesadillas , and their taco salad . muy muy yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the guacamole is awesome and made fresh before your eyes table-side . try the black and gold if you want to be a true yinsur mexican !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mexico city is probably one of the best of the bunch of pittsburgh 's mexican restaurants . the new space they 're in now is larger but still nicely decorated . service here is generally pretty good ; i 've had long waits and shorts waits . the food is good , not great but good . the portion sizes are large enough . the chorizo or beef can be a bit dry at times . i do like the black & gold chimichanga - half of which is nacho cheese . last time i went , i had the super burrito , which is a 1 2 a burrito mexico city and 1 2 black & gold burrito . and the salsa verde enchiladas are pretty tasty . the chips & salsa are good and unlike las velas , they do n't charge you for them .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dinner tonight . got there for happy hour . had the house margarita for 4.00 . dinner was the big burrito . i would eat it again ... and again ... and again . service was quick . it was hard for me to not go back . but since it was my first time in pit , i decided to try more places . tempting.. are there better mexican places ? yes . are they more expensive and fancy ? yes - think loreal by dupont circle in dc . bottom line , clean place with above average food at a good price .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places in the city ! i wish people would go more , it 's empty most of the time i 've been there for dinner . all the prices are reasonable and the food tastes authentic to me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was walking down yonge and decided to stop in . very nice cuts of meat , but pricey . there is a korean supermarket across the street with similar product . at least i know where i can get premium stuff .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went in as i used to pass by and thought wow the owl has a meat shop . the first time i went in there was n't much to look at in terms of selection , but i went there for the korean bbq ribs which they had so was pretty happy . we took home the meat and bbq the ribs which were delicious . at first i thought the price for the ribs were expensive but it 's pretty comparable to other stores . now the reason i gave this place a one was that on a subsequent visit to get ribs a guy came from the kitchen area of the store and brought a dog through not only the kitchen but the front of the store . i love dogs , but would prefer not to have them in stores from which i buy food .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i attended a wedding there on sat march 23rd , and from a guests perspective found this to be a very place . the location is excellent , and easily accessible from the 427 and the q.e.w . signs in front of location make it easy to find , but like most halls , it could use some more parking spaces . the servers and staff here were very friendly and the food ( i am guessing they do catering here ) was cooked to perfection . the bar area was very clean and the servers very efficient , and the hall was decorated very nicely with ample lighting . this place is a definitely a solid four star venue and a great place to hold a small wedding , anniversary or party .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owner is utterly unprofessional and shameless ! ! on the day of my wedding , he had come in to supervise and was drunk on duty ! ! he spoke rudely with my family members who asked for his help and was shameless enough to pass derogatory remarks at my guests . do a thorough survey on this place before you hire their services !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the decor was n't too bad until i entered the room our function was in and saw the really tacky ceiling over the dancefloor painted like the sky . a few other touches also dated the place back 20+ years . the food ( which i believe was done by in-house catering ) was n't that great and odd to have penne in marinara sauce as an appetizer . i find most halls a bit ostentatious and tacky however , so make of this review as you will .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oh so wonderful to my taste buds . this place just recently opened and i have already ordered from them many times . not too greasy , everything that i want an asian restaurant to have is on the menu , super friendly staff , seriously amazing taste . also , for all those vegetarians out there ( i 'm living with one so i know how important it is to spread the word ) this is a good place for you . they have vegetarian versions of many signature asian dishes that taste just as amazing as the originals . i strongly recommend this place : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had food from here twice , both times as delivery . i feel like this place has mastered teleportation , because i swear to god , both times i ordered from here it was at my door in under 20 minutes , super hot and fresh ... like it had just been cooked and instantly arrived at my house . `` order up ... . energize ! '' haha . ok food : i ordered the chicken friend rice , lemon chicken and a beef dish that i forget the name of . my boyfriend and i agreed it was the best ever . specifically the rice ... i do n't know what it is , but it 's just spectacular . that 's all you need to know . try it . you 're welcome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! , went here for linner ( lunch dinner ) and it was just great ! . the staff was super friendly and helpful and accommodating . the food was so good that we have had take out from here twice . the prices are very reasonable for the quality of food . the dumplings and smaller items were very filling but not too filling . you feel very satisfied after eating here . my only negative comment was the dragon whiskers were a little to salty for my taste . i look forward to coming here for another great meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went with my fam for all you can eat dim sum . it was delicious ! my favourites were the steamed sui mai , phoenix pearl and malaysian satay . the owner was serving us at the end . he was very nice and attentive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in the mood for some chinese takeout , so i figured i 'd give duckee a shot . i ordered shanghai fried noodles , pad thai , hot and sour soup , and gyoza . the best item was the shanghai fried noodles , though there were hardly the best version of this dish i 've ever tried . the sauce was unusually sweet and there was zero spice to be had , but this was , at the very least , edible . not quite as edible was the pad thai . this was shockingly bad , actually . it did n't resemble pad thai in any way , and i actually got angry as i was eating it . did the person who made this think it was good ? would he she eat it him herself ? unlikely . the gyoza was passable , though nothing special , while the hot and sour soup was flat-out disgusting . down the toilet it went .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "flavorful dishes . mix of chinese and south east asian food . indeed unique in this neighborhood . owners johnny and magie were there everytime we went , very attentive service . prices were good considering their location , definitely cheaper than 7 numbers across the road and much better quality food than sweet home . tastefully decorated and clean . what they called tapas were actually dim sum , and to my delight they were actually fairly good . love their curry dishes , i am guessing one of their chiefs is from thailand . will definitely go back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome . delivery was fast ( and free ) , prices and portions were great . the deep fried honey garlic pork was actually crunchy and fresh . also got the bbq pork steamed buns , mango salad , udon with beef , and cantonese chow mein and all were great . everything tasted fresh and was nicely prepared . we ordered at 7:00 on sat night and delivery was even earlier than expected . so nice to finally find a place like this after always being disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my wife were just walking along eglinton street prior to our appointment , and because we were quite early and still got a lot of time to stroll , we saw duckee and agreed to try it . once the food were served we were just like a happy duo tasting our delicious order . i will recommend this to my friends . i am happy with the service and the place is so pretty . we will come back here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was a very pleasant experience and the service was great so was the food . i am looking forward for my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered from duckee on christmas day and we were very happy with our order ! we ordered about 5-6 dishes and they were all pretty great . very flavorful . we decided to go out there for dinner this past friday and i was surprised how dead it was there . we ordered one of the dishes we had on christmas day -- green thai curry with beef , and it was wonderful , as it was on christmas day . we also had a basil chicken dish that was very good . the disappointing part was seeing how much communication issues there was between the waitresses and another two diners that were there before us . there was so much confusion regarding their order , things kept coming late , etc . we will definitely return for more meals and order from the justeat app , but have a few pointers for the restaurant : they really need to work on their communication skills with their diners . they need to make sure the restaurant is clean . we sat in a booth part and there were crumbs and food particles all over the seats .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great restaurant that deserves a lot more business than it gets ! servers were extremely friendly and attentive . tried the all you can eat dim sum brunch which is available until 4pm . the best sui mai and har gow i 've ever had . they make all your food after you order so it stays fresh . might try the peking duck next time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this restaurant and often order here when i 'm craving chinese . their pheonix pearls are to die for , and i can never only order one . i usually order out , simply because it 's near to my house . the few times i 've eaten there the service and food presentation has been wonderful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "too expensive for the not okay food quality , small portion , and below average service . the small bowl of jasmine rice costs 2 $ ... ridiculous , tasted horrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very surprised at how bad this was . it confirms once again that asian fusion = unauthentic westernized assortments of asian cuisine for unsuspecting north americans . simply terrible . soggiest food ever . the only thing half decent was the bbq pork bun . everything else was just strange .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place , very friendly staff , amazing sups , best dumplings ever . and they deliver ! ! ! try them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm definitely a chinese food snob so you might want to take this with a grain of salt . i 'm used to downtown chinese food so lots of flavour . this was fairly bland food that looked outstanding . really got my hopes up . i see the appeal for some people but i 'm going to stick to hong shing and new ho king", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i found hair in my food . gave the restaurant a second chance . found another hair in my food . no more chances . ( this happened a while ago but i feel compelled to leave a review . )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered through foodora for lunch .. had hot and sour soup , mango salad , fresh salad rolls .. order did not include the requested utensils .. soup was more sweet than hot or sour .. mango salad was ok , nothing special .. salad rolls came with two types of sauce and again it was just ok .. my brother had fried rice with chicken , shrimp and crab that was marked spicy and i requested extra spicy and was told it was more salty than spicy .. this place is not worth time and effort for bad service and just ok sort of food", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yum yum yum . ordered take-out this weekend ... shanghai noodles , veg fried rice , pad thai , beef with vegetables . all delicious . only complaint was the teriyaki beef . the sauce came in a separate container and the beef was just a thin slab or two with a bunch of vegetables . was n't great to look at .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looking for an early dinner along eglinton , and most places were n't open until 5pm . not duckee ! it 's pan-asian cuisine , so you know what you 're getting in to . no expertise in any one kind of food , and everything was tuned for a western palate . i had a special , duck in red curry , and was happy with it . good sized portions , with lots of duck . it did n't blow me away , and was a little too sweet for my liking with a hint of spiciness . i would n't go out of my way to visit duckee again . i 'm not disappointed . just underwhelmed if that 's a word .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great restaurant ! ! ! ! ! went on christmas eve and tried lots of dim sum and appetizers . everything was great ... both me and my gf loved . owners and servers were really great as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i ate at h & h bbq on mlk just north of washington , in a gas station . the food was very good : mac & cheese a- baked beans b+ ( they had pork meat in them which was yum ) chopped pork b+ ( was billed as pulled pork but was chopped ) pork ribs b+ ( very soft and flavorful and yummy ) sauce b- ( it was a bit watery but still lots of flavor , i prefer thicker sauce ) cornbread d ( i did n't like it or the butter they gave me ) sweet iced tea b ( almost as good as when i make it at home ) overall i give it a a , yum ! they were pretty nice and they take credit cards 10 $ minimum . refills on tea are $ 1 price for the combo was $ 11 they also have bbq chicken , beef hot links , brisket , rib tips", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this family run establishment via 1st friday art event downtown where they roll their smoker out.there was a line for the food , and it smelled yummy so we took note and headed uptown to visit their location . the `` restaurant '' is more like a drive through , with one shoddy picnic table . the menu is written on the window in paint and its very old school . we loved it ! the food was home made and the ribs were smoked so well . the weird smoker thing is hauled around town , and we actually saw them again at goldfield days in goldfield nv not long after eating at their `` restaurant '' . do not miss the peach cobbler ! these are recipes haded down from generation to generation . i can not belive this place has n't been on drive in 's , diners , and dives , it is a gem ! i am giving it only 4 stars because of the poor seating , otherwise it would get 5 . the neighborhood seems a bit sketchy so this would be a good daytime visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "leading uphill to edinburgh castle , royal mile is a street filled with character , beauty and interest . the epitome of all that is scottish can be found here amongst bustling tourists ; bagpipes play , tartan scarves blow in the wind , whiskey 's sold , medieval buildings rise and a multitude of narrow cobbled closes wind downhill . there 's a wealth of tours , restaurants , cafes and bars too . the overwhelming feeling is one of history , magic and mystery - little wonder j. k. rowling penned her harry potter books nearby..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "touristisch stark frequentierte stra\u00dfe von der burg zum schlo\u00df holyrood , dem schottischen amtssitz des k\u00f6nigshauses.am besten man startet eine erkundungstour \u00fcber diese stra\u00dfe ab der burg . von da ab geht es \u00fcber viele br\u00fccken ( die man kaum erkennt ) bergab nach holyrood park bzw . zum schloss . die royal mile orientiert sich dabei an einer schottischen meile , die etwas l\u00e4nger ist , als die \u00fcbliche englische meile viele souvenirl\u00e4den , restaurants , stra\u00dfenk\u00fcnstler , kirchen , museen ( museum der kindheit , gladstone land u.v.m . ) , model\u00e4den und imbisse s\u00e4umen den weg . insgesamt sollen die preise hier etwas h\u00f6her sein als in der neustadt , daf\u00fcr ist aber die qualit\u00e4t h\u00e4ufig schlechter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just gorgeous ! ! a real treat of a walk ! i did this on my own and was just entertained beyond belief ! ! it 's a bit touristy , as i was , so i get it.. i live in a touristy part of sf , so i try to turn a blind eye and a deaf ear . i wish i would have bought some cashmere or a tartan skirt ! 2 real regrets ! the pics i took were fabulous.. great photo ops ! ! i wish i would have gotten on a tour , though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walking the royal mile to edinburgh castle is less daunting than it sounds , especially if you do n't start at the very bottom . i loved the historic buildings , the churches and cathedrals ( especially st. giles ) , discovering a close , which are little alleyways running between larger streets , statues of notable historic figures , pubs , restaurants , street buskers and of course the shopping , including more than a few souvenir shops geared toward visitors . you can even enjoy a scotch tasting . there are also several attractions toward the lower end , including holyrood palace and the john knox home . you can easily make a fun and entertaining day out of visiting edinburgh castle and walking the royal mile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoy having a roll down the royal mile on my bike . it 's a pretty solid spot for a bit of people watching . for most other reasons though i generally avoid it . it 's just too full of people for me most of the time . street performers are good fun , but take up the whole road . there are some good shops but you pay the real estate premium for most of them . really the best bits are hidden . these being the old map shop and monteiths . also the kilt shops are n't bad . all in all not much to say . it would be good if they banned parking and traffic from all of it but that 's not going to happen is it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the definition of `` places that make you go : whoa ! '' love it or hate it , you ca n't deny that a stroll down the royal mile is a pretty impressive walk . it 's like being whipped back in time or finding yourself on a movie set ... except this set time travel also includes dodging tourists . because yes , the biggest gripe about this stretch of town tends to be the fact that it is often packed to the rafters with out of towners snapping pictures and generally looking lost . but the fact that it is such a tourist hub just proves it 's a damn impressive place to see . no amount of dodging families on vacation , getting asked to snap photos of smiling couples or navigating lost foreigners will change the fact that at dusk , on a quiet night , walking this street is otherworldly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think the royal mile has a lot to offer , yes you get the usual tourist traps but where does n't these days . the royal mile offers beautiful architecture and some pretty decent attractions along the way . i have n't experienced the restaurants , they looked pretty standard . one of my favourite outdoor spaces - the princess street gardens , perfect for a picnic with views of the castle on the hill and lots of greenery and flowers . there is so much seating here it 's brilliant . most public spaces tend to suck on offering enough seating but it 's benches galore here . there 's a little bar and ice cream caf\u00e9 on site too , and a park for kids . a winner .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this one mile stretch of road has the castle fort of edinburgh on one end and the palace of holyrood on the other . hence why it 's called the royal mile ! in between are all the touristy shops , bagpipers , whisky shops , fudge shops and pubs . it is touristy but if you look hard enough there are some gems !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the royal mile is probably the most famous street in edinburgh and the one that all the tourists flock to . if you know edinburgh then the royal mile is probably somewhere you 'd steer clear of with the abundance of tourist tat gift shops and overpriced tourist trap restaurants . there are , however , some little gems along the royal mile . my personal favourites being the police museum and the museum of childhood which are both absolutely free and great for a browse . the royal mile is also ace when it comes to fringe time when you will see street performers galore all over the mile . edinburgh would be a duller place without the royal mile so five stars it is !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the royal mile . a major tourist hotspot , but great during the week if you want to explore what the side streets have to offer by yourself when it 's a bit quieter . there are heaps of pubs cafes restaurants around if you want to sit and people watch , you might also see a few street performers or meet up with a group to do a ghost tour . there 's always something happening and i always see something new whenever i go . this place has probably been reveiwed to death , but you 'll make of it what you will .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pendant mes deux semaines dans cette magnifique ville , il ne se passait pas une journ\u00e9e sans que je me prom\u00e8ne sur la rue ... . car mon h\u00f4tel s'y trouvait . \u00e7a me faisait plut\u00f4t plaisir car toutes les attractions et boutiques qui m'int\u00e9ressaient \u00e9tait \u00e0 port\u00e9 de marche , ainsi que la beaut\u00e9 de la rue est incroyable lorsque le brouillard d\u00e9cide de s'en m\u00ealer ! on se croirait dans un roman !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at the west end of the royal mile , you have the castle and at the east end , you have holyrood palace . hence the name royal mile . the royal mile is full of tourist shops and street performers regardless of the season . there are so many things to do , places to see , etc . here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sagt mir mal eine stra\u00dfe weltweit , an deren einen ende eine burg und am anderen ende ein palast steht ? na ? richtig , die royal mile in edinburgh . oben thront edinburgh castle auf dem castle hill , in knapp 2km entfernung liegt im canongate der palace of holyrood house . entlang dieser stra\u00dfe , die nat\u00fcrlich sehr touristisch ist , liegen viele der sehensw\u00fcrdigkeiten edinburghs wie st. giles church , die highland tolbooth church , verschiedene museen , das schottische parlament und nat\u00fcrlich auch andenkengesch\u00e4fte , pubs , restaurants , caf\u00e9s . man ist auf dieser stra\u00dfe nie alleine , ganze busladungen ergie\u00dfen sich \u00fcber die royal mile . besonders sehenswert sind auch die kleinen gassen links und rechts der royal mile , die sogenannten `` close '' . dahinter verstecken sich immer wieder kleine perlen , die beachtenswert sind . kleiner hinweis : bitte auch mal in der n\u00e4he der st. giles churchauf den boden schauen . man findet dort das `` heart of midlothian '' als auch den hinweis auf den standort der letzten \u00f6ffentlichen hinrichtung in edinburgh !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "crowded . all tourists basically . all the souvenir shops are on the strip or on an intersecting street . one end leads you to the holyrood palace , the other edinburgh castle , so plan accordingly !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coming and going a good stroll for reflecting ! worldy unique place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love love love the royal mile and edinburgh . i can still smell the mix of sea and flowers somehow that is such a strong memory . there are some cities that weirdly feel so authentically home to a stranger , and this is one of them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the royal mile is one of those places in edinburgh that you must walk along . the buildings along the street have been conserved and it really gives you an insight into how the old town used to look many years ago . as you walk down there 's alot of shops selling cashmere and other scotish goods at expensive prices and this for me cheapened the whole experience of the royal mile .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the main streets of edinburgh to explore is of course the royal mile . the part closest to the castle has the most character and interesting shops . there 's a lot of places to buy edinburgh goods such as kilts , wool and little souvenirs . there 's also the stunning st giles cathedral . well worth a wander .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the royal mile , it is a great little jaunt up to the castle , standing high and just an imposing structure . though , really more of a tourist spot . lots of shops , cafes , and more generic touristy type pubs . street performers as well . the first time i visited , it was during a french music fest . which meant lots of mimes and other performers , if that is your thing , it was interesting . recently , in lat feb , not quite as much going on . though i was still lucky to have a fairly clear day to explore . then on up to the castle ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the royal mile ! sure it 's chockful of tourists and touristy stores , but if you ignore all of that and look at the architecture , and consider the history of the street and the setting ... then wow , this is the prettiest and most historical tourist strip ever . shops i loved on the royal mile ( and just off ) : - ness - ecco vino - cookie really fun and gorgeous", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the royal mile was kinda painful for me . yeah ... after all the walking , the climbing up the stairs , down the stairs ... . walking all over edinburgh castle ... we decided to walk the royal mile to close out our first day in edinburgh during our recent uk trip . but hey , it was a fun mile though , with so many shops , pubs , performers , people watching , etc ... . now at the end of the royal mile , walking back to our hotel at the grassmarket ... that was really painful . we should 've taken a cab ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous section of old town edinburgh . i could spend days walking around this section of town and browsing through the numerous shops and boutiques that are all around this area . tons of shopping , souvenirs , bars , pubs , cafes and restaurants that serve great food . it is touristy and venturing slightly away from the mile will yield you some great places to hang out without spending a whole lot . if you are in edinburg you ca n't miss it : - ) )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we loved ambling down the street in no hurry . lots to see . we listened to rick steve 's audio tour for some of the historical highlights and enjoyed it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed looking at the buildings . many tourist shops , all about the same price & stuff . but if you enjoy old buildings and architecture , this is a great place to wander .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very cool street with a number of spectacular sites and plenty of street performers . downside is there are a lot of tourists ( me included ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oldest area of edinburgh is a must see , so much history , brick streets. , buildings dated from 1600 's ! of course tons of tourist shops , but that 's not important , you are walking thyroid living history .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes , this is touristy but that does n't replace the fact this it 's a beautiful walk and we were lucky because the weather was absolutely perfect ! the street is lined with shops filled with tartan , souvenirs , even bagpipe players and the typical tourist restaurants . ( if you go off the walk a little , there are less tourist places ) . but nonetheless it 's a lovely walk ! this walk shows the beautiful architecture and history of the city . the streets are cobblestone so be sure to wear comfy shoes . and the end of the walk is lovely edinburgh castle . all in all a lovely walk and even better if the weather is nice ! ( which was the case for us ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sure it 's touristy , sure things are likely more expensive here due to that fact , but really , the architecture and the history of the place is what i enjoyed more than anything else . i was able to find some good souvenir deals due to a shop going out of business although normally i 'd stay away from the touristy areas for any purchase . there were some local folks giving ghost tours and the bag piper standing next to one of the many monuments - again , it 's a touristy spot . that 's what us tourists come to see . i did n't think it was bad so far as touristy areas go though - i 've seen much much worse - and i 'd certainly go back again for the gorgeous buildings and great historic views .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do a lot of recommendations for out-of-town academics & businesspeople visiting the city and i 've never hesitated in keeping it simple , and sending guests here when they first arrive . it gives you a great feel for the city , it 's history and it 's development . i think it 's so easy to take the street for granted when you live here , but look through the eyes of a tourist and you 're quickly reminded . you 've got a number of great museums , exhibition spaces , pubs , restaurants , public spaces , gift shops , and some of the most important public sector headquarters - all before even mentioning the castle & palace . enough for a full day of sightseeing without ever leaving the street ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the royal mile is fantastic , with a castle at one end , a palace on the other and a cathedral sandwiched between them ! the royal mile is one of the tourist orientated areas in the city , which has meant that many of the shops here are tailored for them with whisky shops , cashmere shops and general souvenir shops all trying to attract them to their shops . during the festival , and even sometimes when the festival is n't on , there is regularly a street performer who will do some for of darish stunt in an attempt to get hold of your loose change . there is also normally playing the bag-pipes in the are , which creates a really nice atmosphere on the strip . if you go a bit further towards the palace , you do get some pubs and restaurants that are not inundated with tourists and they have some real character to them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walking along the royal mile is historic and fascinating . with the castle as the backdrop , you never forget where you are or the beautiful setting . the shops are unique and very scottish . kilt stores and cafes are mixed together , but apart from the odd starbuscks , the royal mile is full of small businesses rather than the big chains of princes street . there are also great museums and libraries , like the museum of childhood and the scottish poetry library . there are usually street entertainers and the mile during the festival in august is really incredible - you ca n't go to edinburgh without walking along the royal mile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are a tourist visiting edinburgh this is a must . lots of traditional scottish shops . fun day for all the family . theres an observation tower where you can spy on people ! nearby the edinburgh dungeons ! as well as games workshop and old town museum i think .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love the royal mile it is so interesting and amazingly atmospheric on late night shopping around christmas time . the street is filled with interesting non chain stores which sets it apart from princes street . the tall tenements and museums make it a very interesting place to walk along also . this is one of my favourite places in edinburgh and i try to walk along it as often as i can .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lovely sedate stroll down the royal mile is a must for those just visiting the city of edinburgh . you can spend the entire day in this one small part of town and not satisfy your curiosity , it is literally crammed all the way with awesome little shops , pubs and restaurants . it has the castle at the top and holyrood is at the very bottom , which are both rather essential touristy things to see , and also there 's a lovely park at holyrood as well . after missioning all the way down it 's a good place to chill on a nice day . and for those who 've already been there , done that , a suggestion : try cycling up the royal mile . hefty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always enjoy walking along the royal mile when in edinburgh . i found a wealth of unusual shops such as a mystical witchcraft shop , christmas shops and a russian shop just off the royal mile in st. mary 's street . i was not impressed by the tacky tartan shops however . it is a wonderful place for those interested in history , i was fascinated by the spot at the castle where they used to burn witches and david rizzio 's grave . i did a whisky tour and plucked up the courage to visit mary king 's close . i also visited the people 's museum and the scottish parliament before heading down to holyrood palace . this is a truly wonderful little corner of the world and a must see for all visitors to the capital . irene http : www.negotiatenow.co.uk", "score": "5"}
{"review": "un must per la vostra visita a edimburgo : suggestivo , pittoresco , interessante , questi gli aggettivi che mi vengono in mente . certo , se vi nevica addosso o piove insistentemente la cosa diventa ardua , ma in condizioni atmosferiche favorevoli , \u00e8 sicuramente da fare : tante cose belle `` racchiuse '' in un breve spazio .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the royal mile is a great part of edinburgh for those who want to see the more historic side of the city . if your looking for scottish gifts this is the place to come . going for a walk along the royal mile is great on a sunny summer 's day especially during august with the festival . the only bad thing i really find is that when you approach the parliament towards the bottom of the hill it gets a bit diorty and grubby which is a pity !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the royal mile ca n't be missed - it gives a good idea of ' old edinburgh ' walking up and down the cobbled streets is lovely - especially on a summers day . the royal mile is always buzzing , particularly during the festival . there are lots of lovely boutique type shops and a lot of shops filled with nasty tartan tat ! ! the royal mile leads up to the castle and is always very busy with tourists . be warned its a steep walk , but there are many small cafes and coffee bars so you could always stop for a break on the way up and watch the passers by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the royal mile is one of my most favorite places in edinburgh . when you walk along it you always get a sense of edinburgh 's rich history and the shops are very interesting . i also like to stop ad have a cup of tea at a small tea room and just people watch . my favorite time of year to walk along the royal mile is christmas because it is just so atmospheric when doing late night shopping . there is also a multitude of museums and interesting places to visit along the royal mile not to mention the castle at the top . during the festival the royal mile comes alive with entertainers and tourists .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a walk down the royal mile is a must for any visitor . i recommend starting your walk at holyrood house and walking towards the castle , poppoing into the museum of edinburgh , peoples story & museum of childhood on your way ! do it soon , as new construction plans on the mile may change its facade forever ! ess", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the royal mile is a great place to stroll down if you were in edinburgh . its a very long open street where they usually host annual events and festivals there and its a popular destination for the big edinburgh festival . there are a few boutique shops there and there are many old historic buildings there too ! there is lots of things to see and do , during the royal mile which is great for the family and there are a few souvenir shops as well , so worth getting something .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lot 's of historic sites , shops and cafes . a must for anyone who is visiting edinburgh for the first time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's the walk more toutistic at the city , that connects the palace and the castle", "score": "4"}
{"review": "walked it in august and so busy with vehicles and pedestrians . scary . about 530pm they seem to close the road from the castle down . so if you were hoping for a taxi it wo n't happen . they also close the stairs going up down to from grass market and castle about 530 in august . lots of shops for souvenirs and clothing . there is a bank of scotland that has inside atm for safer money withdrawals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "edinburgh , f\u00fcr mich eine der sch\u00f6nsten st\u00e4dte \u00fcberhaupt auf diesem planeten . walk along the royal mile ist ein pflicht- spaziergang hinauf zum schloss . der himmel strahlend blau am tage unseres besuches , die stadt liegt einladend g\u00f6ttlich und imposant vor uns . hier ist altstadt allgegenw\u00e4rtig . hier herrscht reiz\u00fcberflutung an allen ecken . die wahnsinnig , romantischen gassen und treppchen f\u00fchren dich verwinkelt an einen anderen ort . nat\u00fcrlich gibt es hier \u00fcberall v\u00f6llig \u00fcberteuerte touril\u00e4den , aber wie meine vorrednerin bereits schrieb , man kann die augen davor verschlie\u00dfen und findet so die wirklich stilvollen und einladenden pl\u00e4tze die einem wirklich freude bereiten . wir waren nur 2 tage dort , es war viel , viel zu kurz um all die netten pubs , caf\u00e9s oder sonstige locations aufzusuchen oder zu besichtigen . am schloss selbst wurde zu der zeit unserer ankunft , die kulisse und die sitzgelegenheiten f\u00fcr das j\u00e4hrliche edinburgh military tatoo aufgebaut . leider , leider blieb uns das , zur zeit unseres aufenthaltes , verwehrt . wahrscheinlich w\u00e4re es sowieso l\u00e4ngst ausverkauft gewesen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in edinburgh for three full days and i walked through the royal mile every single day because it is the that stunning ! on one occasion i walked from holyrood palace to the st. gile 's cathedral , it was quiet a walk but i enjoyed it . the other end of the road is the edinburgh castle , there are so many shops along the way ( also restaurants ) , this section is beautiful if you are into old buildings and architecture like me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "royal mile is beautiful , it 's a lovely cobbled street that runs on a hill with pubs and shops and restaurants on either side . when it 's empty it 's great to walk down and when it 's really busy during the festival with people advertising their plays it 's even more awesome . i love it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lots of shops and restaurants pubs but somehow without a commercial feel . the shop prices were high , but there were a good variety of souvenirs . st giles cathedral is a must . there are little alleyways which lead to interesting places . it 's very enjoyable and although i 've walked up and down more than a dozen times on a few separate trips to edinburgh , there 's something new to see .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "underwhelming - the street is a tourist trap at best . the stores repeat , meaning you tend to find the same kilts , same short breads , the same magnets from store to store . i 'm not sure if i saw anything that was n't mass produced . i did enjoy the bagpipe performance though .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a good walk along the royal mile is just something that you can not do if you are a visitor or tourist.it has a lot pubs aswell so you can pop in and have a drink and a meal.it also offers shops to go into .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "take a walk along the royal mile to get some sense of the history of the city . it can be incrediby atmospheric , especially if you wander down some of the 'wynds ' leading off the mile , with names such as 'fleshmarket close ' to get the imagination working ! there are some great restaurants and pubs along the mile and some nice specialist shops ( as well as a good few 'jock shops ! ) . the christmas shop is always good , even in august !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a fantastic free tour of edinburgh with sandeman 's . i totally recommend it . pascual was our guide and he knew a lot about the history and some fun facts about the town . the street itself has a lot of nice shops and restaurants , and beautiful buildings . a must-go area when in edinburgh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a nice walk ( would recommend walking down it rather than up if you are a bit unfit though ! ) and it is full of a few quirky little places on the way down . at practically each step there is a bit if history facing you - the closes have many a tale to tell as does the john knox house and heart of midlothian . and then , further on , you get the more residential area , a bit off the tourist track , where you get odd shops like the christmas shop and the posh sweetie place . this bit is , for me , the real heart of the royal mile -the fine old buildings stand tall and strong and the old town comes to life as you head towards holyrood . a lovely walk .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a walk down the royal mile from edinburgh castle is a good way to see a snap-shot of the life in this part of the city . i think if it is convenient you should start at the castle , from here you 'll get a view north over the princess street gardens or south to the meadows . near the castle is generally mobbed with tourists , i would recommend if you can do n't visit anything in edinburgh during the main festival season of august , the rest of the year it can be very busy but not crazy busy . heading down the mile towards holyrood palace is strange as you get further from the pure tourist attraction of the castle and closer to holyrood , a working royal residence , you also get further from the shops selling a load of rubbish and passing it of as authentic , traditional and scottish , beware any tiny shop describing itself as a factory outlet or clearance sales .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am 900 quid lighter after walking this `` royal mile '' . restos , pubs and authentic scottish tailors cold took my cabbage ... nay , i just threw it at em ... like a gluttonous american . bartering is alive and well , my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the royal mile is a great place to visit when your in edinburgh , at first when someone told me what the royal mile was i did n't think 2 seconds of it , but after being there and seeing the old buildings , it has really given me an insight to edinburgh and that they keep there old historic building safe and nice . the royal mile goes all the way for to the bottom of the town and you can see sights such as st giles cathedral and the old toll boot prison . i would definitely say this is the main place where they hold there festivals , because it is rather spacious and open for tourists to visit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were starving after a long afternoon at edinburgh castle . we came across this tavern and ordered the bangers and mash and a burger . the bangers were the freshest i 've ever had . you get two served on top of mash in a caramelized onion gravy . to die for . beer was great . service was good . the bathrooms were clean . great place to have lunch . ca n't wait to visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cette rue qui relie holyrood palace au ch\u00e2teau est incontournable . elle est l'art\u00e8re principale de la vieille ville qui a pr\u00e9serv\u00e9 toute sa physionomie m\u00e9di\u00e9vale . des ruelles ( appel\u00e9es closes ou wynds ) , et qui partent de royal mile descendent de part et d'autre de la colline . ne ratez pas la cath\u00e9drale saint-gilles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walking along the royal mile is a must for any visitor to edinburgh . i started at the top , at edinburgh castle , and took a couple of hours to walk the mile down to holyrood palace . there are lovely shops and bars along the way , so take your time in wandering . beautful and historic .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food , simple decor and good service . old style greek restaurant in the charlotte tradition .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite breakfast and lunch place in charlotte where the food is downhome country cooking with a very friendly and helpfull staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john was a huge help finding the perfect home in charlotte . he showed us a number of neighborhoods until we narrowed on exactly the perfect fit for us . john even counseled us about moving too fast and saved us from a bad decision -- we ended up in a much better home because of john 's counsel . john involved us only when necessary and handled so many of the behind the scene details . we could not have been more pleased with john .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john was so helpful in helping me decide on whether or not to keep my rent property . he was so thorough on the financial and helping me get help in fixing it up with amazing contractors . i will definitely use him again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john helped me find my new house in harrisburg , nc . i was coming from out of state ( new jersey ) and john helped me narrow down my choices by providing many on-line links to houses i might be interested in . when i came to town we had narrowed the selections to 9 , and spent a day touring those homes . i then had a very good idea of what i wanted , and re-visited my top pick the next day . at all times , john was very easy to reach by e-mail and or phone , very professional in his manner , and very helpful in finding a home . he has a good knowledge of the areas in and around charlotte and would be the perfect realtor if you are looking to buy a home ! being out of state made things a bit more complicated through the buying procedure , but john was there to help me out every step of the way . i highly recommend john walker when you are looking for a realtor ; he 's the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "john was great ! he helped us find the perfect home even while we were still living out of state . his attention to detail was wonderful and we could not be happier with his dedication to helping us find the perfect home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't do a lot of 5 stars , but this is the real deal . straight out of nawlins , junior battiste is careful that every visitor gets a taste of both authentic cajun cuisine and the hospitality of the culture . what a guy . this is real \u00e9touff\u00e9e , real gumbo , real jambalaya . you 'll know the difference in first bite . ask him one too many questions and he 'll be sure to explain the difference between light and dark roux , give you samples to taste , and talk about his favorite flavors . he just loves food . period . the quaintness of the place just sets it off . it 's awkward . it 's cramped . but that 's why you 'll be back . because instead of feeling like a cafeteria it feels like a dimly lit living room with smells wafting from the adjacent kitchen . for you new yorkers - you know this setting is special . he best cajun outside of n.o . guaranteed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after reading the reviews and then stopping by for the seafood po'boy , i can confirm how wonderful this place is . as most reviewers have noted : the food is made to order , which is slow but fresh and worth the wait . another selling point was the conversation and general friendliness that the owner provided . one last thing ; the po'boy was $ 18 but worth every cent . you could feed 3 people with that monster of a sandwich . if you 're in the neighborhood , take the time to stop in . you wo n't find too many places like this anymore .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cajun fried perch w authentic jambalaya & fries were excellent ! this is the real deal ! the food was fresh & cooked to order . the owner , junior was friendly and answered my questions about new oeleans . when i mentioned to the owner i would be visiting nola soon , junior offered to provide me with recommendations of places to eat off of the obligatory `` tourist path '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after being told to come here years ago , we finally made it . i was sent here for the fried pickles , but i do n't think they were as amazing as i was led to believe . i ended up unable to eat a lot of them because they were incredibly salty and the portion was huge . i got the cajun chicken nuggets from the appetizer menu and i do n't think i 've ever had better . my husband got gumbo , i believe , and it was amazing . i was a little jealous of his meal , but when i realized how perfect my chicken was , i completely forgot about how tasty his was . the service was friendly and even though we were the only people in the place , we did n't feel like they were hovering over us or anything . this restaurant is truly special . i ca n't wait to come back and try some more complex dishes that really show how good they are at what they do .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to start let me give you one piece of advise . do not make plans after dinner , expect to be there for a while . in true southern fashion , things move a bit slower here . not out of negligance , but relaxation . with this said , the food here is fantastic ! junior runs a one man show and is more than happy to share a few words with you . the place seats maybe 25 and is very `` family oriented '' i would grade it a 5 if it was n't so expensive and had a bit more elbow room . ( 50 $ with an app and two entrees ) but in terms of taste and authenticity , this place is spot on .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried this place last week and enjoyed the food and talking with junior . i had a pick two lunch combo ; had jambalaya and catfish po ' boy . supposedly it was a half sandwich but it was pretty large . jambalaya was tasty with just right amount of spice . junior was very friendly , and even brought out samples of other dishes for me to try . i was very full when i left . i will add that , like some of the other reviewers mentioned , this is not the place to go if you are in a hurry . each dish is prepared when ordered so it takes a little longer . but the benefit is that the food was freshly prepared . i 'll take fresh over quick 9 times out of 10 . i will be going back , and plan to bring my wife and some friends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my friends and i went there for a casual dinner . this place was very hard to find first of all - there was no sign or anything whatsoever , so it took us a while to find this place . the interior decor was quite interesting but they do n't have that many tables . we ordered family style fried chicken wings , seafood platter and crawfish entufee . i have to say everything was very salty but they fried the food very well . i also liked the crawfish entufee . the jambalaya rice was very spicy . if i have to pick one that i liked the best , it 's the crawfish entufee . i wish it had more crawfish and less rice in the dish for the amount i pay for the dish . overall , i think this place is overpriced . we paid about $ 20 per person and some of us were not even full afterwards .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's slow slow slow slow , and the guy that owns it is a weird motherfucker . but ... ... . it 's absolutely delicious , yes it 's overpriced , yes it 's painfully slow , yes the man that owns it has no idea how to run a restaurant . having said that , if you have 5 hours to spare it 's worth it", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i really enjoyed the homemade , fresh delicious choices we made ! the owner made us feel like family ! we ordered the shrimp , zucchini and okra and barbecue cajun wings for appetizer ! it was plentiful , hot and extremely tasty ! for our main course the chicken and french toast was the favorite ! the gumbo was filled with all kinds of seafood but i was underwhelmed . the polish poboy was excellent ! the coleslaw was fabulous ! the rum cake and pralines which were complimentary were off the hook ! ! ! i almost forgot the dirty rice egg rolls were different yet out of this world ! ! ! i definitely would recommend this fine eating establishment ! junior batiste was an excellent host to our party ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so conflicted by this place ! i have been wanting to try it for some time but could never figure out the hours . alas my tastebuds tingled for a shrimp po boy and the place was open at the same time . finally ! it was midday on sat and i decided to treat my grandma ( native lousianian ) to one too . 1.we prob should have called ahead ; ) sorry grandma 2. the owner cooks wait tables bus tables take take out orders , etc . the good : my shrimp were seasoned well . granda approved ! the bad : they are slow as molasis ( sp ) 3.5 stars actually -for slow service , high prices though decent food", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just incredible . genuine cajun cuisine ... ... ..from the po boys to the gumbos and everything in between ... ..quality ... .quantity ... ... and a religious experience in flavor melding . very refreshing to be able to actually identify the flavors that are skillfully layered by someone that knows what they 're doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hole in the wall ( good thing ) with food as good as new orleans . can not go wrong ... go visit junior .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i may or may not write a full review for this place , but it definitely deserves 5 stars . 5 stars for the food , 5 stars for the owner . the seafood and everything tasted very fresh , apparently the owner picks out everything himself . we had a discussion on how to make cafe au lait too , really friendly guy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a foodie should definitely make a pilgrimage to this battiste . fantastic food , weird decor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not worth the extremely high prices you pay for . please book a ticket to new orleans , you would find a cheaper deal than spending 15 dollars on an appetizer . neither the ambiance is worth , nor the food .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is good , but this is a really small restaurant with maybe 5 tables . i made a reservation at 7:30pm on a friday night , and my plate came around 8:45pm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "still delicious food but sadly very slow service because only the owner is usually working and there 's a good amount of people coming in for take-out . waited 30+ minutes for our food , one of which is the something that 's scooped from a big pot . also bit overpriced for the amount of food . the portions are small but generous on the ingredients . but due to the higher prices , ca n't eat here as much as would like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you are in the cleveland area , this place is a must go . from the appearance on the outside you would n't expect much but a normal restaurant in cleveland but on the inside , it is as if you are in a completely different universe . easy laid back environment makes you feel as if you are at home . junior ( the chef ) is a man of many hats , and is the cook , dj , server , and owner . even though he 's the only man back in the kitchen and it make a little bit of time to get your food , the wait is worth it . the food is made perfectly , everything that is fried has the right amount of crunch but is n't too greasy , the dishes give you a clear sense of what new orleans food is like , and it 's because her takes the time to do so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing each and every time . just note that junior is a one man show . it will be a little slow , but that is part of the experience . enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived in new orleans for four years before moving to cleveland ... i have eaten in a couple of the cajun creole restaurants in the city and nothing comes close to batiste and dupree i feel like i 'm home in new orleans everytime i eat here ... best cajun food in cleveland ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food . must try . they use quality ingredients and the food is fabulous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , friendly service . the restaurant is small but has a lot of characters . the owner told us he never precook anything so everything there is cooked fresh and may take a little longer . but it was totally worth it . will go back again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing cajun food ! great service . clean kitchen . charming ambience . friendly genuine owner cook . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite possibly the worst meal i have had in ages . the service was glacial . i ordered a house salad , but was told not all the ingredients listed on the menu were available . i ended up with a plate of arugula and a tomato with some not-so-tasty french dressing we waited for over an hour for the main course to arrive -- general jackson 's chicken . the menu promises : `` boneless , marinated chicken deep fried and tossed in spicy , savory sauce , served with jasmine rice , broccoli and napa '' spicey sauce ? this sauce was so spicy i was unable to even taste the chicken . the rice was strictly uncle ben 's and i saw no broccoli or napa . we had a couple beers before the meal while waiting.. total bill : $ 55 . i 'm not a tightwad , but dinner in a little strip mall restaurant should not set you back $ 55 -- or else it should be delectable . battiste and dupree was not the `` hidden gem '' others had told me about . hope your mileage differs .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely wonderful food . we tried the jambalaya ( fantastic ! ) , the gumbo ( even better ! ) , and the general jackson chicken entree which , if you like it spicy , is the meal for you ( we loved it ) . not to mention junior , the owner , is super hospitable . he 's extremely personable and will ask your name and remember it . we will be back ! make sure you try it if you 're in the area ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place a few weeks ago after ( countless ) recommendations from friends . i was a little underwhelmed by the actual place itself ... .. small with generic tables and chairs ; the walls are covered in old photos of actors singers etc.. service was nice but a little overwhelming , i think we had more conversation with our server than we did with each other ; if i was sitting at a bar i would n't mind at all , but being seated at a table ... .. eh , i do n't know . however , the drinks and the food were amazing . we settled in with two of their 'house ' cocktails ( be forewarned- they will knock you off your seat , if they tell you not to stir it , consider yourself warned ! ) and ended up with a sampler platter of an appetizer . ended up getting stuff on the app and never go to dinner ... ... i suppose we 'll have to return to figure out what their real entrees are like .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "only crawfish boil in cleveland and boy , was it good ! fresh , spicy , potatoes cooked to perfection ! i was munching on the corn even the next day and counting down the days to the next boil ! the owner is as fun as can be and will tell you everything you want or need to know about his food and goes out of his way to offer suggestions and cook you whatever you want . the drinks are perfect . only regret is they dont have soda water , so i had a lot of fruit juice that day . also , anyone who mentioned that it is in a bad neighborhood , it 's 100 yards from wholefoods . get a grip . ca n't wait to be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food . we are from new orleans and this is the real deal ! junior is a great host . small place with plenty of charm .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quite an impressive fried catfish platter . i had a craving for some southern food , so i went to try battiste & dupree . the fried catfish platter came with two sides - i chose the red beans and rice and the creole potato salad . the fried catfish was perfectly breaded and fried . the sauce , which is similar to a creole tartar sauce , also tasted very good . only thing i would change is to have less salt in the breading . the rice and beans had decent flavor and was just a little bit spicy . i liked how the creole potato salad had granny smith apples in it . the potato salad overall was sweet and not too creamy . this place is a small restaurant in a strip mall , so there is n't a huge dining area . there is a large bar , though , to sit at . the dishes are moderately priced . ( my entree was $ 15 ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've tried this place 2 times . one word `` overpriced '' i ordered a $ 15 catfish dinner for take-out and instead of expecting catfish fillets or some sort , we got 3 tiny undercooked catfish nuggets and it had only 3 steak fries . also , the owner is patronizing to his cook , i would never criticize my employees or belittle them in front of customers , the owner also has weird comments from time to time , which is a bit uneccessary . the owner needs to invest in customer service , lower the prices on food , and maybe hire one more person at least part-time to assist with his operation .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is ok , but it came extremely slow . i came with my friends , but the restaurant ca n't split our check . : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "every time i walk through the doors i feel like i am stepping back onto the streets of nola . the food and the atmosphere are authentic and that is the best compliment i gave give junior and his place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food rocks . drove by and decided to stop and get food . great prices and awesome sea food . thanks junior", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's small but the food is good ! love the atmosphere ... you can order to go , but i suggest to relax and stay awhile .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best cajun southern comfort food i 've eaten in cleveland . be sure to try the `` red beans and rice '' but only if you 're ready for some fire . the service is leisurely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was beyond compare . the food was sensational . if you like new orleans style cajun food this is a must stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're in a hurry i would think twice about eating here as it takes quite some time to get your food . i tried the seafood gumbo and jambalaya . the food was fantastic . the owner was a very nice guy . i will definitely eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! ! ! how can food this good go unnoticed in cleveland .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is right down the street from my place so i would walk to here in the morning or anytime in the afternoon to grab sweets or whatever . friendly staffs but they run out of pastry items quickly . one time i walked in around 4 and they did n't have birthday cake pops which are my favorite . on weekends almost always full of people . it is in the same shopping mall as whole foods market too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "honestly this starbucks always goes above my expectations ! ! they are always so cheerful and enthusiastic when you drive thru or come in ! ! this location was not my favorite at first , and now i have come to really enjoy coming by ! ! erika at this location is amazing ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware of the freshly minted baristas not knowing the difference between leaving `` room '' in an americano and throwing the already diluted americano down the drain to make `` room . '' i 'm more interested in the flavor an extra shot will make with less water than the volume of a full cup . and then to remedy the `` room '' request by throwing it away defeats the purpose .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service ! comfortable seating & ) polite staff : ) could n't ask for any better , thank you ! a+", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best starbucks ever ! the managers in the morning , during the week , are amazing ! ! they 've made it a point to memorize mine and my co-workers names and orders , they greet us and just ask us if we want our regular . not to mention how fast they are ! it just makes my morning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seven workers in the morning at 8 a.m. and i still have to wait 3 minutes before being served - one person at the register in front of me . where does the line start where does it end i do n't know . in front of the cashier , or the other end of the treats . it 's a small clean shop serving starbucks fare with a drive thru a drive thru that 's going to be prone to traffic jams for the people parking . it 's a starbucks - oblivious to the dropping coffee bean prices", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would like to update my previous review of this starbuck 's location . i was in town for business this week and visited this location twice . both times the employees were very friendly , outgoing and the service was fast . there was a definite change from my previous visit . i also think it 's worth noting that the general manager of this location actually did reach out to me via yelp about her concerns with my previous review . i did not see it until now . i appreciate her concern about her store and she cares very much about her guests and her team . i recognized many of the same employees as last time and they were upbeat and super helpful and representing the starbucks brand perfectly . everybody and every store has bad days and given my two recent visits i would say my disappointing experience was probably due to a bad day . i will definitely be a repeat customer and i hope the area and or district managers see this review to acknowledge the effort the manager took to contact me regarding my visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how do you not have decaffeinated iced coffee ? i 'll find a new coffee place . it 's kind of ridiculous that you ca n't accommodate customers with dietary restrictions .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow . i backed up and left the drive thru because the guy was so rude today . i 'm a starbucks regular of many locations and like most people i stick to my usual drink . he argued me about my order . made me feel crappy so i left and went to another .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice staff . very bad wifi , ~500ms ping times and over 10 % packet loss . its a shame when the wifi at a coffee shop is bad , its the main reason people go to hangout at a coffee shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sell soft drinks . i will give you a lot more money ! i do n't like coffee and neither do my granddaughters so coming to starbucks is a pain in the hiney . but we all love my hubby and daughter so we come here once in a while . if they sold soft drinks at a reasonable price we would drive through daily . think about it ! follow me for more reviews .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my go-to location during the week because their drive thru always goes fast . great customer service ! they make me want to continue coming to this location everyday", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! the food is not like fast food , it reminds me of european bakeries . this location in particular was even better today . i did n't have enouph money to pay , it was 10 and i had 4 left to pay , and she still gave me the food . it 's small things like this that make me an optimist . thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to this location for my usual iced tea before work and thought i 'd beat the drive thru line and walked in . that was my mistake . i had one person in front of me , yet it took 5 minutes for them to take my order and somehow 15 minutes to pour my tea . i probably would 've gotten through quicker if i 'd chosen to be the tenth car in drive up . not impressed with the inability to juggle the in store customers with the drive up especially considering it took a few minutes to even get the attention of the staff just to get one cashier . i 'll definitely be going to the location down the street .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very close to home so thought i 'd come here before church . the staff here are extremely nice and are very productive . the external environment does not do the building any justice as to how big it is inside . it 's very modern inside with a touch of that old coffee house chic furniture . my order came out perfect . great location but a little hard to get into . i would definitely come back to this location", "score": "4"}
{"review": "usually pretty quick service . one time the chick in the drive thru asked me my name , just because she wanted to know it ... so that was creepy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location is hit or miss . they 'll either completely mess up my order and give me a free drink or get it perfect . i usually go to the one across and if i was in a rush i would come here . if you go inside they 're a lot slower paced than the location across the street .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most people should know by now that tim hortons is the king of donuts north of the border . i decided to stop by and get some donuts to cure my sweet tooth . this location is on weston road near the ontario 401 . there is a best buy and a subway and other stores nearby for those looking to kill tit was packed inside and was heavy with foot traffic . service was decent . i took with me a half dozen donuts for $ 5.49 cad which was fair for a place of its statue . the taste reminded me of makes this place so popular among the canadian faithful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drive through and conveniently located for myself . usually i use the drive through and the line moves very quickly . craving timmies coffee ? nearby and in this area ? just come here ! reason for 3 stars : sometimes they forget condiments or specific requests and the people never look friendly when they give me my order . -cl", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this store is high on traffic in and out . there service was quite fast and i was in and out quick . they have their own parking , which is good . they are close to a canadian superstore as well . washrooms were in an ok state and quite small .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the other day one of my friends introduced to me their new cup of java they drink every morning . half hot chocolate and half coffee ... . where have this been all my life this is by far the best thing ive drank in ages ! it made my morning an whole entirely new experience i want to wake up in the morning to rush to tim hortons to get this amazing drink before work . im giving this tim hortons 3 stars since every morning i come here its a huge line but worth the wait for that half coffee half hot chocolate delight ! . located conveniently off the highway 401 off weston !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "lately , i 've been weaning myself off tim 's as i 'm finding the coffee to be more and more bitter . i think that they 've finally gotten too big and now they only put out mediocre food and coffee . this is my 'last-resort ' coffee spot and do n't recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible ! never returned calls texts in a timely manner , the process took forever , the closing date was pushed back several times and told lies . the most unprofessional group of realtors out there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "coming from hawaii we did n't know that much about las vegas ! jasmine was very helpful ! great communication and professional ! it was really good that she could communicate through text , it was much easier and fast ! we love our house ! mahalo jasmine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i was just notified by christina and her assistant stephany that my home via a short sale just closed . what a relief . the process was painless . prior to her , i tried working with the bank on renegotiating the loan with no results . christina stepped in and over a period of eight months all issues were handled without flaw and in a timely manner . during this process i had many questions which were answered right away . she even took phone calls on her vacation ! service is rare in today 's world and she is a definite exception . but beyond her service everything was done right the first time and any advice given was always spot on . a successful short sale is challenging but christina and stephanie made the process seamless . i strongly recommend christina if you are in need of an agent in selling your home . jk", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been coming to swiss chalet sense 1967 and this was the worst . no one to great us at the door a waitress holding dirty dishes came up to us and said someone will be here shortly . server took are order and food came out first was a ceaser salad plate was dirty ( see pic ) second was greasy spring rolls ( see pic ) then chicken with burnt nasty fries also see pic . what ever happened to free refills on are pop . i thought when my meal done the server was going to left my plate but instead she put some papers on my empty plate and walked away . there was a lot of yelling from staff how they had no change . we paid by debt card and left . it was a thursday night 7.30 and it was slow . what ever happened to swiss chalet ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went there tonight 7pm not that busy , hostesses brought me to my seat , sat there for 10 minutes waitress focused on table next to me visited them 3 times . i got up a left . when to boston pizza . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't ever go there on new years day . slow service , short staffing , mixed up orders , cold food and a cold restaurant are all great ways to loose business . add a drunk who takes a swing at a server and the manager does n't do anything and well you get the picture . not a good place to eat at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here to fulfill my once every 2 months craving of swiss chalet chicken . the restaurant is pretty large compared to some other sc restaurants i have been to . the product is similar to the others in the chain so no surprises here . our favourite is the chicken soup and the double leg dinner with lots of fries . parking is easy because of the huge parking lot . decent value . will be back in 2 months !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our server messed up the order , forgetting a key addition to one of the meals . he then took about 10 minutes to bring a drink refill . the servers openly argued with one another within full view and earshot of the customers . they were arguing about placing customers within the appropriate section . this was slightly embarrassing to witness this lack of professionalism from the staff . we waited a good 15 minutes for our bill when we were anxious to leave . the waiter had clearly disappeared out the door on a break . when the bill finally arrived , our server made a mistake on the bill to top it all off . the food was decent , however . the service will deter us from ever going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ca n't really complain about swiss chalet , it 's always fresh and delicious . only downfall is the long wait time at this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was poor , the waitress was rude . me and my family order healthier alternative quarter chicken with 3 diet pepsi . the amount of food on the plate was less food than the other swiss chalet location and we were hungry so we had to order dessert . the chicken was dry , the diet pepsi from the machine taste awful , ask for another drink , the waitress gives another diet pepsi from the can . the waitress and the chef were arguing in the kitchen for a few minutes .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of the worst swiss chalet out there . this location keeps going down hill on my every visit . no one cares about the quality of the food or guest . tables are always sticky , dirty , dark burnt oil tasting fries and dark meat soo dry like its been sitting in some warmer for hours , cant even chew it . i 'm surprised this location is still open . do n't waste your hard earned money here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this restaurant was disgusting . i ordered a large chicken , 4 fries and 2 gravies . the fries were stale , old and disgusting . the chicken was raw . honestly , we have pictures of how pink the meat was . the food tasted disgusting . i will never come back here , and as soon as i can figure out how to post pictures of that raw meat in the chicken , i will . do not go here , at all !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is suppose to be a master at chicken products . but i was very disappointed when i was served frozen ( yes , hot on the outside . still frozen inside ) chicken fingers . this is not acceptable for an establishment that has been here for that many years . they have completely lost my business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i did some order online and the price was acceptable . around $ 14 including tax and delivery for a quarter chicken with fries . however the food was pretty bad . the fries was soggy and cold , which is kinda understandable since its canada and -10 outside . the one thing i was quite sad about was that the amount of fries was so little . it does n't even fill the box . and the chicken is most likely less than a quarter chicken . would n't suggest anyone to order delivery", "score": "2"}
{"review": "try another location . this one is a disaster . horribly slow . waited an hour for a quarter dinner . fries were in a cluster . dressing was off . stay away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when entering this place , it smelt like the whole place was mopped with dirty old water . the seats and table tops were dirty and the whole place gave out a old stingy vibe . the ice cubes in our drinks gave off a taste as if their machine filter was never changed . no staff to welcome us at the door , they were impolite all throughout our stay . the food was absolutly discusting , it was so bad ( cold , too moist , and had a bad smell to it ) that we did n't finish our meal .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is probably the worst swiss chalet i have ever been to . the entire restaurant had a very dirty feel and service was extremely poor . the food honestly was disgusting , not at all like what were used to from this franchise . will not be coming back to this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "worst delivery service i have ever experienced . order took 1.45 minutes from time of order to my door . tried calling customer service- and was on hold for twenty minutes . when order finally arrived , missing an item and their debit was out of service . do not order from this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "can i give it less than one star ? restaurant screws up every time we have ordered . do n't waste your time here , go somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is the way to go when you have broken luggage . it seems that almost everyone i know goes here to get their bags repaired . so i thought i would give it a try as well . right on the counter is a big yelp sticker , saying people on yelp love us ! well i guess that is true ! i have so far taken 2 things here to be repaired and both times they did above and beyond great ! it is just a little shop on the west side of the street , and the south side of the bridge . not easy to find the first time , but after that you will remember it . they are closed on sunday , and saturday is only for pick up and drop off . no repairs on that day . but , if you need something fixed right the first time this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mark , mark hes my man.. if he cant fix it no one can ! my crew luggage goes to mark.. and he fixes it timely and every time.. my luggage is flight crew luggage.. takes a beating.. he knows travel pro.. and how to get my warranty.. how to get my inflight supervisor to approve a new one..or not ! and even finds things that i didnt know were in there.. umm thats embarrassing ! seriously ... i know this is cheesy ... but drive a bit and get in the hood , mark rocks and if you pay a bit more for his expertise , isnt it just worth it ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great repair shop to take your broken luggage . the only bummer thing is that it is a bit of a journey and kind of hard to find . this is where i take my luggage when it 's time to get it repaired .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been using mark 's luggage for years . this is the best luggage repair shop in the valley , a consensus my friends ( all pilots , ) and i reached a while ago . as a professional pilot i live out of my roll-aboard for half the year . inevitably i need to have my luggage fixed , and at mark 's it is always expertly done , very quick at super reasonable prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is specifically about tumi warranty repair . mark 's is a preferred repair service for tumi . i recently sent a tumi bag from seattle for repair . this briefcase was sold to me as having a lifetime warranty . a side zipper failed , one that is used a lot , and mark 's determined it failed due to `` damage '' . not only was this completely untrue , but self-serving for both marks ( they priced the repair at $ 60 ) and tumi ( who do n't honor original warranties ) . mark 's may be great at luggage repair but serving tumi like this is not in their customers ' best interest , imo .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "marks luggage is professional , fast , and does a great job for a fair price . what more can you ask for , the luggage repair shop services all kinds of baggage problems . mark 's luggage takes credit cards . 1542 e victory st , phoenix", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great . i had an emergency since i was traveling and in town for 4 days . i lost a wheel on a sampsonite bag and i only had 2 days for them to repair the bag since they are closed fri and sat . they only took a day and a half and could not have been nicer . it you need a bag repaired , this is the place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i registered for travel pro luggage when i got married several years ago . the bags have been really sturdy , lasting through a honeymoon , a few vacations , and a move across country . i needed to have a bit of repair work on them before our next trip , and looked on the travel pro website for an authorized repair shop . the only one in the phoenix area that was authorized , is mark 's luggage . i hesitated for a couple of days only because of the distance ; but figured the bags have been good to me , so it was worth the drive . what was even better was they are open on saturday until noon . service was great . very friendly-and promised our bags in week or so . our bags were done in a couple of days ! ! even better , our warranty covered the repair ( who knew ) ? ! ! again , so glad i went with an authorized repair shop . easy pick up and no nonsense service . i 'll be going to mark 's for any future luggage repairs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this business is n't exactly convenient to where we live , but we wanted quality over convenience ... and we were n't disappointed . they replaced the zipper on a high-end ( $ 500.00+ ) suitcase and it looks like brand new ; you absolutely can not tell that there have been any repairs made .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm from california and recently got back a tumi briefcase i asked them to repair ( ripped linings and broken zipper ) and while they did make the best of what was given ( the briefcase was extremely used old ) , they forgot to patch up some of the inside pockets ! but when calling them again , they told me that they would be more than happy to stitch it all back up again as long as i remembered to label what needed to get fixed , and then offered to pay for the shipping !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dropped off 2 pieces of luggage at mark 's luggage , 1 needing repair of the wheels and zippers and the other one requiring replacement . i was told that the repairs would be complete in about 3 weeks and the replacement would be sent to my home about the same time . well after 7 weeks , i called mark 's and was told they had n't received the parts from delsey . as for the replacement , they stated that they sent the request to delsey . i was also told that they would follow up with delsey and call me back the next day . well it has been 1 more week and no call from mark 's and no replacement luggage from delsey . needless to say , customer service is not a strong point . i am leaving on a trip in 2 weeks and will probably need to purchase new luggage . very unhappy with mark 's .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "have sent in my bric 's bag 3 times now . it is like an extended part of the family . i travel some 3-5 a month so they know how to bring this bag back to life . they are prompt , professional , and do a great job ! i would recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was referred to mark 's luggage to fix a samsonite suitcase by a local shoe repair shop . their service exceeded my expectations . all i had to do is to fill out a form . mark 's luggage worked directly with samsonite on the rest . i did n't have to pay anything . 2 weeks later , i received a brand new suitcase from samsonite . great service . i will go back to mark 's luggage again if i ever have another broken suitcase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was reffered to mark 's luggage by tumi as an authorized repair location . i sent my very old tumi bag in for a repair . once they received it tim called me to give me a few options . i chose to have the bag overhauled and i have to say for a very nominal price , they did a wonderful job ! they even included a garmet bag that had long been lost . tim is the best ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was traveling in phoenix and needed a quick repair on the luggage with telescopic poles stuck so i could not roll my bag . when i told them that i was traveling , they told me that the exact part needed to be ordered but if i wanted repair with a similar poles , they can have expedited the repair . wow , its good as new . i had the repair done several weeks ago but since the service and repair was done quickly and just like new , i made a point to post a review , once i settled down with my travels . outstanding service and attitude.. highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awful , i had a briggs and riley that they had to repair , and my luggage was awful . i had it shipped to manufacturer itself", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the 'go to ' place for luggage repair . i 've used them 3 times and the repair is always perfect , fast and reasonable . nice people to work with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on two separate occasions , mark 's has repaired damaged luggage ( thank you aa ) as warranty work , without any hassle ! the staff is very personable and professional . we highly recommend mark 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new suitcase handle broke on my overseas trip ... ... ... bummer . on return i contacted the manufacturer who sent me to mark 's . excellent service and a wonderful staff . my bag was under warranty but i would gladly pay for this excellent service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't go anywhere else for your luggage repair . mark is great ! i brought my bag in expecting to pay to have it repaired and mark was able to get the manufacturer to send me a brand new bag directly to my house for no charge ! i was n't expecting that at all . wow , what a surprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was quite pleased with tim 's efforts to get me a courtesy suitcase from samsonite . he was very helpful . greg h .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only post reviews when i 'd feel guilty if i did n't . these folks are outstanding people with excellent customer service . i 've had my tumi luggage serviced at this location twice ( warranty ) in the past 10 years , and both times they 've taken exceptional care of me . fast , courteous , and very highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding service . they got it done much faster than expected , and did a very nice job with it . these guys go above and beyond .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it is always a good sign when you enter a new place and one of the customers waiting in line randomly tells you `` they are always busy , they do such an amazing job . '' so my strap broke on my italian leather flotos bag brief that i use for work . it was a $ 400 investment i made 2 years ago and i was not thrilled to repurchase a new bag . since i was moving out of state in a week and knew my last few days would be crazy-busy , they provided the option of shipping the bag free of charge . i received the bag yesterday and they were able to match the leather and it even looks sturdier than the original design . i could be imagining things but the leather exterior also looks like it had been polished . i 'm so glad to have found this place and only paid $ 20 to fix the bag with free shipping ( which is much better than a $ 400 replacement ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service was fast , efficient and done with a smile . i came in with an urgent problem that was solved on the spot . the team understands the difficulty of today 's travel and met my need with prompt professionalism when no other luggage repair service i called would take my request . absolutely recommend without hesitation . call them first and save yourself hassle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , fast friendly staff , no problems at all dealing with a warranty repair . i 'll be back for any luggage repairs i need . edit : had a piece of samsonite luggage with some broken wheels and stitching coming out . they handled it as a warranty claim and i received a brand new bag in less than 3 weeks . i ca n't say enough good things about mark 's luggage service ( and samsonite ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they just do n't make vendors like this anymore . honest and great service ! wish i could give another star . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't imagine having less hassle or difficulty . i brought in our bag with the missing handle ( thanks , southwest ! ) , and mark 's took care of it and charged it to warranty . a week later i picked up the bag , and the fix seems to be rock-solid . no charge to me . how could it be any better ? i think i will be bring them all my luggage repairs in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an older samsonite carry-on ( 4 wheel ) that had a wheel come off . the part was no longer available from samsonite so the case could n't be fixed . mark 's worked with samsonite to ensure my new bag arrived before i had to fly out again - less than 2 weeks . i expected this to be a hassle , but i was really impressed with mark 's and with samsonite . mark 's luggage was great - staff was friendly , professional , well-informed and kept me updated throughout the process . it was an amazing experience for such an unpleasant situation . i wish all service providers were like mark 's !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in a few days before i had to leave for christmas break because the two wheels on my roll-aboard were broken . they said it would be $ 15- $ 20 per wheel and it would take two weeks . i told them i could not wait that long and i needed a quicker solution . they showed me their small selection of refurbished roll-aboards which were all around $ 40 . i picked out a samsonite bag and it looks brand new ! they told me i could bring it back for repairs if anything ever breaks on it . very happy with the service and available options for my needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "read the other reviews ; really this is how all businesses should operate . they know what they are doing . i think they do authorized repair for most luggage brands . they are very honest and reasonable prices . we have brought samsonite luggage for repairs . usually within two weeks we receive a brand new piece of luggage from samsonite , replacing the one that needed a repair . highly recommend them even if they are far away from most of us !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my travel pro crew 8 roller bag 's collapsible handle broke on a recent trip and i was hopeful that it would be covered under warranty . i called travel pro and they said to take it to mark 's luggage service for a warranty inspection . i called mark 's and they said to just bring it by anytime . i got there and a nice lady greeted me , had me fill out some quick paperwork and asked mark if the handle is covered under the travel pro warranty- he said 'yes , no problem . ' easy as that ! they said it would be a couple weeks and would call me when finished . the parts would have cost me about $ 80- so glad i check with mark first . mark pretty much has a monopoly in the valley with luggage repair . there are racks and racks of bags waiting for parts and repair . it is a thriving business- i 'm glad he 's around . they called me after about 1 week and said the bag was ready ... no charge . perfect ! ! a great experience in every way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here since 2011 . have n't had much issues . price is right . maintenance has always been professional as well as office staff . never had issues with bugs or vandalism . i love the park next door as well as community center next door . great location not by busy streets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found these guys while looking for an affordable supplier for popcorn for an outdoor party . i had a tough time deciding what flavors to get . individual red stripped bags were included for guests to fill and refill with the various flavors . the popcorn was very good and was a huge hit . people are still talking about what a wonderful addition it was to the backyard movie party . will be using them again this year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what do you send to a mother who has decided to drive four 13 years olds and a 7 year old to florida ? how about 4 huge bags of popcorn ? ( hey , it 's not my car ! ) a cheese , a carmel and 2 bags of butter should keep them busy for a little while , right ? if you find yourself in need of popcorn for car trip or slumber party , movie night or school function , this is the place to get it . no need to call ahead for the aforementioned flavors . they do have fancy flavors but you need to order in advance . tip : skip the metal bucket and save $ 20 by having them put the bagged popcorn in a box .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great service and selection . have used munchees several times for party supplies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dawn houlf is the best out there . satisfaction guaranteed ! dawn began investing years ago and learned the market from a different perspective . today a seasoned realtor she knows how to get her customers what they are looking for . dawn is honest , caring and her follow up and personal service are second to none . whether you are thinking about selling , doing a short sale , or investing you will be exceptionally happy with dawn . i have known her for 25 years and she has always been very focused on customer service and following up . i would give her 10 stars , but they only have 5 to choose from ! carolyn vanzlow", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dawn is an excellent agent . she helped me trough my first investment real estate purchase , which means i had a lot of questions and took up a lot of her time . she was happy to help me and treated me like i was a client buying a 2 million dollar home ( i was a lot less than that ) . dawn answered every question , email , or phone call in a timely manor and made sure i understood the process . she kept on top of the bank and other agency which was instrumental in closing the deal . working with dawn is knowing you have someone in your corner that is going to do everything she can to make what you need to happen . i am pretty sure she worked harder than i did when it came to my purchase . i would recommend her to anyone and plan on working with her on my next investment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dawn is fantastic . she worked with me for several months until i found the right home at the right price . she is very patient and very knowledgeable about all aspects of the real estate business . as a first time home buyer i had a million questions and she was able to answer every single one of them . i am very happy in my new home and i would recommend dawn to anyone looking to buy home in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had heard that dawn is one of the best in the vegas area so i decided to list my home with her . i only gave her 75 days to get it listed and contracted and amazingly enough , she far exceeded my expectations ! it only took dawn , only 27 days from listing date to closing date on the entire transaction . she was so patient with us and offered creative selling solutions ! if you 're looking to buy or sell in vegas , i would certainly suggest you contact dawn .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while talking to dawn about real estate , the first thing i noticed was her passion for real estate . it does n't matter if you are buying , selling , or investing dawn is your girl . i met dawn after i recently bought a house here in in las vegas and absolutely wished i had met her first . she is a problem solver and has the customers needs first . when i buy my next house here in las vegas i know i will have dawn as my realtor and i will get exactly what i am looking for . i would highly recommend dawn to anyone looking to buy , invest , or sell their home", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dawn has been great every step of the way ! i am an out-of-town buyer , and was working with another realtor that was slow to respond and inaccessible . i have been eyeing the property i wanted , and could not wait another minute . i typed in `` realtor '' and `` las vegas '' , and just started calling everyone with 5 star ratings . dawn was the only one that answered my phone ( after 4 before her ) , and i have n't looked back since . she is a wealth of information , always on top of it , has amazing referrals for any vendors i need , and actually answers her phone , which i can not stress how much i appreciate now : ) i just closed first of the month .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dawn was recommended to me by a friend and i am extremely glad i had the opportunity to work with her . i knew from the moment i met her that she knew her stuff and could get the job done . due to a schedule conflict , i had to work with another realtor from exit , but dawn still kept in contact with me to check on my progress and satisfaction . she was available any time that i needed her . she is kind , caring , and passionate about getting people into their dream home . as a first time home buyer , i am grateful to have crossed paths with her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone need a good real estate agent that understands what you want . dawn is knowledgeable and listens to what you want . if you need a real estate agent go see dawn . chris hubel", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is always my go to car wash . the guys here are so kind ! they help me make payment and make conversation . i always get the super wash because the soap they use fills my car up with a pleasant smell ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this car wash . the people here a so nice , and greet the customers outside the wash bays . they take your payment , offer suckers , and make this a pleasant place to visit . this is always our first choice when it comes to getting the car washed and vacuumed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this wash for several years and ca n't say enough nice things about it . it 's a touchless car wash and does a great job cleaning my car without the worry of my paint getting scratched or a mirror being ripped off . the staff is top notch and the owner is always giving back to the community . keep it up sovoy super wash . i will be back again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so unique ! i have been here many times and love the personalized service and attention i get from the owner . she has a great selection of cute consignment clothes and items . i highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the grape . it is a nice place to grab a glass of wine ( or three ) and some good appetizers or even dinner . i agree with another reviewer who said it feels odd to have it in a mall . that said the food and service are good . the wine list is respectable and the staff helpful if you need some guidance on what wine to select . if you are in the mall shopping - pop in and indulge yourself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by the grape for a bottle of wine after seeing a movie . wine was reasonably priced ( $ 9- $ 10 glass ) . ordered two appetizers ( tuna and flatbread ) and found them to be tasty ( 4-stars ) . there was actually a fair bit of tuna for the price , and it was fresh . the flatbread was decent ; plenty of prosciutto though the fig spread reminded me of jarred jelly . there was n't much of a crowd , so i ca n't characterize the vibe but , overall , this is an average wine bar . the mall setting , while convenient , did detract from my experience , mostly because we were seated in front of a large window that provided a view of screaming teenagers and the `` nothing else to do but cause trouble at the mall '' crowd . probably a great place for pre-movie drinks on a date .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i agree with eric k. on the modern decor and quiet mood . the restaurant is fairly new , so you still get the warm and fuzzies from the staff , which is nice . the food was quite good , and i enjoy tapas . i think it makes for a better night out , as everyone tends to share . i had a good night here , and i really enjoyed the selection of fancy cheeses . i 'm kind of a cheese maniac . the little shop was nice as well , and we picked up a bottle of white wine to give to a friend as a gift . it 's a great place for a date or a girls ' night out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i invited a group of girls out to the grape before our movie at the theater next door . we had so much fun . the grape had really good drink specials and they tasted wonderful . i had the spinach tortellini which was delicious . all my friends were eying it from across the table ! but they had nice stuff to eat too like the pizza it looked just as delicious . i wish more people would come out to this place it is a diamond in the mall !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place to come and get a glass of wine . i love the little shop in the front , and for first time wine drinkers the staff is very knowledgeable and can help you pick a glass or a flight . it also has a very nice decor . my only thing is that i feel like having it inside the mall is kind of odd . it 's also kind of hidden in the corner . it stays open a bit later than the mall , but still closes earlier than a bar would which is also unfortunate . i also feel like it 's a bit upscale for northlake , although i do n't think northlake has a niche yet . it is like half upscale and half middle class . the grape place definitely fits in better with the south park crowd . if you are in the mall , consider stopping in and having a glass !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "newly opened in the south park mall 's food court , this panera pretty much has the same menu and baked goods as the retail shop a little bit down the street . sandwiches , soups , salads , even their great `` pick two '' menu option . plus a full menu of breakfast sandwiches are available ! because it 's inside the south park mall , there is free wifi and plenty of seating available if you can stand the noise and clattering of all the other folks in here . they have a couple of `` grab 'n ' go '' parking spaces if you 're just picking up a take-out order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "both my wife and i had diarrhea within 1 hr of eating from this panera location . the food tasted fine and the service was fast , and the sanitation rating was like 96.5 so not sure how it happened , but it did . would have given 5 if we did not get diarrhea .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love panera . its not the lowest in calories but it is a good tasty stop . i tried the noodle bowl which i thought would be bad but it was super good . we usually get the you pick two and do greek salad and a bowl of soup .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this panera ! i work in the mall and i order off my phone when i go on break , and as soon as i get there my bag is waiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after doing business with this pharmacy ( branch in buckeye ) for a long time , i called them today to see about filling a prescription with a brand new medication . i received absolutely no help at all . when i called their branch on bethany home rd. , to find out who the owner was , the lady was very rude and hung up on me . the lady at the avondale office was at least polite . as it turned out , i have now transferred all of my prescriptions and will not be going back . i called the owner brian , but i do n't feel like i was really listened to . i expect quality customer service and did not receive it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very fast service , and no issues getting scripts filled . although even after having a medication approved by the insurance company , they chose to charge me $ 80 , because they would n't honor the prior authorization , so i still go to walgreens to make sure i 'm not getting taking advantage of . but i much prefer the small town personable pharmacy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been meaning to write this review for so long . i 've been going to xpress care for about 5 years now & i 'll never go anywhere else ! i do n't even live as close as i used to but i 'll travel a few extra miles to come here . you will not get such amazing customer service like you do here at any other pharmacy in the west valley . maybe not even in all of arizona . they are impeccable in valuing your time , saving you money on prescriptions & always following through on what they say they will do . also they will get to know you on a first name basis . jose is their mvp ! he has helped me so many times if i had an issue with an rx & has never let me down . i feel sorry for other people who are stuck going to cvs walgreens or any big name pharmacy that will not cater to them like xpress care .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly service . they also are incredibly fast . what more could you ask for ? highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly , they remember you after one visit . short wait times and they work with most insurances . will not go anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service with a smile . you do n't see that at walmart or walgreen pharmacy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place . your not waiting hours to get your scripts filled . very knowledgeable and accommodating staff . been to all 3 locations and they are all great", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't like bravissimo . you get sent this magazine and it all looks wonderful , great selection and every size in the world available . then you go to the shop ... .their stock is skanty to say the least . pardon the pun . so you 're sent upstairs and instructed to give your measurements to the staff , who then go away for ages and ages and ages then they tell you they do n't have it . most infuriating thing ever ! my mum is a very impatient lady - her biggest pet hate is queues , so imgine her disgust . her parting blow was 'i am going to yelp about this ' . errr ... ok mum . but the thing is , i had the exact same expierance and was equally as annoyed as she , and so i feel the poor yelp is justified .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is n't really the place for me ( i say looking down longingly ) however my friends all have cracking racks so birthday presents to emphasise this is the way forward . based on the multrese walk it does give it a certain exclusivity that i do n't think it deserves as really it 's just another high street chain but because the bigger the boobs the most luxurious your underwear gets ( true fact ) then it deserves its place catering for the masses , get it ? the staff were helpful if not concerned about my emotional wellbeing and helped me out with some wonderful gift vouchers which my friend said did n't stretch very far ( ungrateful cow ) but then again , it 's a pricey place and i 'm a skinflint , luckily i do n't have big boobs to support .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i had known about this shop a long time ago ! i treated myself to some new underwear on the weekend and ended up getting a bit over excited - a shop that has beautiful bras for big busted women ! ! i ended up buying a fab sports bra and a couple of gorgeous numbers which i am thrilled with . the staff helped me try on a few different sizes and i ca n't believe the difference it 's made - so much more comfortable ! edinburgh ladies who are blessed with a bit more , get on down there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spent my all important teenage years in the ballet studio which i like to think is the reason i am completely flat chested . my mum has huge badongas so i need to have an excuse . apparently all my friends have jordan style boobs , so we always seem to end up here . it 's like taking a weight watcher into a chocolate shop , so many things i want to buy but ca n't . generally when you go into marks and spencers and look at the larger bras , they just look like helmets . but bravvisimo brings the style and sophistication to the larger chested amongst us . watch out though , the bras are super expensive at around 40 quid .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "if you 've got boobs of a certain size , your choices of bras are severely limited . obviously going without one is not an option , so thank god for bravissimo . the shop on multrees walk has a fantastic selection of bras for the well endowed amongst us and they 've got all bases covered - sexy ones , practical ones , sporty ones , minimisers and push-ups . they even do a range of clothes , so you 'll never have to suffer from gaping shirts and ill-fitting wrap dresses again . the fitters are friendly and approachable , making shopping there a comfortable and enjoyable experience - they 're also specially trained so you can be sure you 're buying the right size .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great shop for bigger busted women ! they stock a great selection of bras and well as clothing for curvey women . the fitting service is great , although you do have to book at busier times . if a style you like is n't in store it can also be ordered for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love this shop . do n't know why i did n't come here years ago ! the fitting service is great , the staff are really helpful i think one of the things that put me off is i always thought it was expensive but i only paid \u00a325 for a great well-fitted bra , which is less than the last time i was fitted in a well known chain ( in completely the wrong size , i might add ! ) . i 've not tried any of the clothes yet , which do seem a bit pricey but it turns out a couple of my mates swear by them . it 's probably worth paying that little bit extra to have something that actually fits !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved the exterior of bravissimo . the shop front was very glossy and inviting , so i went in for a look . the sizes start at a d cup , and at 2 sizes smaller all i could do was browse . i do n't envy the bigger boobied amongst us though ; these bras are very pretty and well made but they are expensive , which is a shame considering i can pick up a bra in primark for \u00a34 and make do with that . the swimwear in particular is gorgeous , with one yellow polka dot bikini really catching my eye . however , at \u00a329.00 for the top and \u00a317 for the bottom , its a pricey bit of beach wear . great for ladies who pack a punch in the breast area , for the more modest amongst us , primark it is !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sh motorsports have put together several vehicles for me and have always had great prices and impressive attention to detail . definitely recommend them . very friendly and knowledgable shop as well , good people to discuss projects with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "check out their better business bureau rating of f. i should have done so before going there . i bought two used tires from this place and one tire blew out after less than 200 miles . i took both tires back to the business after buying brand new ones elsewhere and asked for a partial refund , at least for the tire that was not blown . was told `` sorry there is no warranty on used tires . '' i understand that , however if a tire does n't even last 200 miles , you would think the owner would offer something . the nubs were still on the tires . will never return and would not advise anyone else to either . live and learn !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great guys at the shop ! great deals too ... have always been there to take care of me in a timely manner and always has great suggestions on what upgrades to do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was able to get my truck in for an appointment within a couple days , and they did a fantastic job on the window tinting . price was reasonable compared to other bids i received .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got finished doing some last minute shopping for snow gear as my wife and i are heading up to flag tomorrow . they had a wide variety of snow gloves , jackets and boots , and the staff was super nice attentive . the prices were n't bad as well . i will definitely be returning to this location for future sports gear buys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like the big 5 sports stores , but the location on arizona & ocotillo just had poor service . the clerk would n't take my coupon that was emailed to me by their company . i asked them to scan the bar code so that they could verify the discount and they refused . so i walked out very upset ! i will never go back to that store . the next day i went to the store on rural & southern and completed my purchase with the coupon and spent an extra $ 50 on world cup gear . i know which store i will be giving my business to . ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not impressed with the customer service . had to hunt someone down to get assistance and they did n't have what i was looking for nor did they seem willing to assist in trying to get it for me so i will be driving a further distance to dick 's or will order from amazon . tried to give this place a chance but wo n't be returning . store did seem like they had a good selection with some decent prices but also very unorganized and hard to find things .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i like big 5 - they have good prices when the items are on sale , and average prices when they are not . smaller stores but easy to get in and out when you know what you need .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went the other day to this location and as soon as we walked in the door , somebody helped us ... then we went to the back where the backpacks were , and a nice young lady helped us again ( i wish we had gotten her name ) , then we checked out and the cashier was very nice ... all in all , a wonderful experience and a large selection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to place to buy cheap shoes ! they have sales and are good about updating there system ! the shoe department guy ( donovan ) he was very nice and helpful ! we were looking at shoe that was bad material he said `` i would get the saucony 's they are better material ! '' he was very friendly ! if we were talking he would be helpful and talk to us and explain things we did n't understand ! i would totally recommend to go back there ! : - ) ( we went there on thursday ) !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i unfortunately have not had the pleasure of going to the store but i have bought a number of items online from dj ashbas clothing store . the quality is fantastic on the shirts i have purchased , but better yet is the customer service . when i 've had questions they have been answered very promptly . as for shipping all of my orders have shipped within one to two days which is nice . they provide email updates every stage of your order . i ca n't wait until my next vegas trip so i can go in person .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the beanie collection ! got a personal autograph t-shirt ! ! ! he happen to be there today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cool spot . workers keep the place clean . she saw a piece of cotton on the floor and picked it up . design is nice too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! been here twice and both times the staff was fantastic . very friendly and personable . picked up some really cool memorabilia and other things . i definitely recommend stopping by here in your next trip to vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to az from ca . i was happy to learn that there was cosmo prof here because i loved shopping there at the local store in san bernardino ca . i have visited the indian school location about a half dozen times since ive been here , ive been here for 9 months now , and everytime i went was to purchase clipper blades , i thought whats going on and how often should i have to replace them ? ? i only do about 10 men cuts a month so last week i went there to get replacement blades and while i was in line i noticed inside the unopened package the blades were oily and were full of hair , i brought it to the employees attention and she told me to put it to the side and get another , i think i know why my blades are dulling so quickly . i wont be back to that location . i think they are refurbishing used blades and charging for new.. in fact i will not go to a cosmo prof again , will be looking for another pro store", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i decided to visit this location as i was already headed to whole foods . i should have stuck with my local store where most the girls know me and are helpful . i was returning 3 bottles of product two of them had exploded . the first thing the cashier asked me was `` did you leave these in your car ? you know it 's hot in arizona '' i let her know they exploded all on their own , under my bathroom sink ( lovely ) . she called her manager who wanted to swap them out for new , i said no thank you and that i would appreciate a refund . both were irritated with me at this point , one told the other how detailed a return has to be and that she would have to clean the messy bottles and add them to their return 's box . are n't you being paid to work ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm currently a beauty school student and visit this store quite regularly for my beauty supplies . the staff is friendly enough , even though i 've heard and read terrible things about them . they are n't overly friendly , but because of the things i had already heard about my fellow classmates who had said that the staff was rude , i went out of my way to be super friendly , hoping they would return the kindness . they did , and every time i go in there they are super helpful . they do not go out of their way to help me , but they do help and are friendly when i ask . the manager in this location is always friendly with me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for 8 years now to stock both my scottdale and phoenix salons . everyone that works here is super sweet , knows exactly what i need every week and makes sure to have it on hand . they have even special ordered products for me when needed . they always walk me out to my car and help me load up my purchases . i also really like that they call me whenever their monthly specials happen . even when new people start working there the manager always introduces me and says i am a vip ! makes me feel great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called in ahead to see if they had time for a fill and they said if i came soon it would be fine . i did n't catch the name of my nail tech this afternoon but he did an amazing job . when i walked in he was rocking a baby to sleep . i did n't have an appointment and he barely made me wait ! he was a middle aged man and very sweet . one of the reasons i am writing is because i wanted to point out how kind this individual is . a man walked into the shop asking for some money to buy a bus ticket . my nail tech did not hesitate to help this stranger . he got up from his seat and pulled cash out of his wallet to help the man out . he also offered the man a bottle of water . the world is such a cruel place sometimes and it was really nice to see such thoughtfulness this afternoon . if you want good people doing your nails , come here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my spot to come in 2 times a month . everyone is amazing from pedicures , nails , and eyebrows i love it all . the mom i am not sure of her name but she does the best eyebrow waxing me & my boyfriend love it . we came in tuesday afternoon and like always so friendly and offered water 5mins after i was getting my brows done . it 's not a long wait and she takes her time on them . love it and always recommend this place to everyone ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointed ! have been going here and this last time ... i made a appointment with tiffany . when i got there she busy with someone else , i would of waited but another lady started my nails . i explained at least 5 times what i wanted as well as stating i had made an appointment with who i wanted to do my nails ... .needless to say , i did n't get who i wanted to do my nails , did n't get the design i wanted and the result ... .i wo n't be returning ! why make a appointment if it 's going to be ignored ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very friendly staff ! they also stayed late to fit me in . they also kept filing my nails until they were exactly how i wanted them . great job on my french pedicure also ! i will def be back : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , i think i can finally write a review now that i 've gone a billion times . i have struggled for years to find a nail salon that i can trust . through yelp , i stumbled upon marvel nails , and can i say , thank god ! seriously the kindest , most talented people i 've met ! i love going in every time and leave oh-so happy . i get nothing but compliments on my amazing nails done by tiffany . this is definitely something i 've worked into my monthly budget because i love it so much . if you 're on yelp looking for an amazing nail place , look no further .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! their friendliness alone gets a 5 star ! cold water when you sit down , very friendly to talk to and my favorite thing is that they asked each other about a design if they did n't know how to do it so they could do it right ! my acrylic removal and new gel manicure was only $ 35 ! ! ! took about an hour to do my nails but i 'd rather them tar their time than rush it ! i am highly satisfied with my experience and recommend this to anyone : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is wonderful , does top notch work and has some of the nicest people working there . i dont go anywhere else now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super cheap and they did a great quick job . i came here with a friend after work and we were seated right away and they began working . i usually get squoval with nude paint and that was exactly what i got ! do n't be scared off by the look of the place , they do good work . would come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my sister and i went here on a whim . i have driven by before and we took a chance at stopping by . what a great experience we had ! i had my daughter with me and normally she sits with me while i get my nails done but this place actually had a child chair ! so my little one got her nails done as well and they were great . my sisters and my nails turned our amazing and two weeks later my gel is still perfect . i would recommend anyone to try this place , i know i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after walking into three different nail shops we all ( three ladies ) this was the best . we 're extremely happy with the service and end product . we will definitely return ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am very picky about my nail salons . i just moved here so i have been looking for a new one . i came here about two weeks ago for a gel mani . they did an amazing job . my nails were super short and they were still able to give me an almond shape and they have held up well . definitely plan on coming back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place with excellent attention to detail ! i also love that they play movies . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tiffany , you are amazing ! ! i came in for a full set , and a gentleman ( do n't know his name ) started them . he was n't doing that great of a job . some of my nails were shaped uneven , the acrylic was uneven ... it was n't looking good . tiffany then took over ! she did an amazing job ! i feel bad that she stayed working on them after they closed , but she was n't rude about it at all . she happily did her job and the results were amazing ! i will definitely be coming back ! thank you ! ! the gentleman who stated it did n't really clean up my cuticles or push them back , by the time tiffany came it was too late . ( so my cuticles are n't looking hot lol ) she told me that she would make sure that the next time i come in she would clean cut my cuticles", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful people ! they spoke english , and were friendly . they took their time and i did n't feel rushed . i would recommend going in the morning during weekdays if you have the time , less people there and not crowded .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while the salon itself is n't particularly impressive looking , the staff has been very kind and helpful when i 've gone in for appointments as well as walk-ins . i 've worked with different staff members each time i 've gone in and they 've always been very thorough , although i 'll admit i 've only gotten simple pedicures and standard manicures - no acrylics or gels . also , the first time i went in for a pedicure they had unbreakable kimmy schmidt on their tv ( streaming via netflix ) which was a nice bonus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an amazing experience here this past weekend ... my manicure was flawless , they were very friendly and detailed in their work . i was so happy with the results and the price ! only $ 11 for a basic manicure . not the most beautiful atmosphere but that 's my only criticism ! definitely give it a try , i 'll be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so amazing ! ! i love the people who work there . kennedy , nancy , and tiffany helped me and my friends and we had an amazing experience with them . tiffany did my friends nails with intricate designs and kennedy ( the owner ) did mine with chevron designs . i love my nails ! by far the best that i have ever had . when i walked in they asked if i needed water or tea ( hot or iced ) and they were super friendly . i highly recommend them and my roommates and i will be making it regular trips there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new favorite place to go ! everyone was really nice . she took her time to make sure that it was something that i would like . definitely coming back for more ! thanks again tiffany .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing nail spa ! everyone was very friendly . this will definitely be my new nail salon ! the customer service was amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would have given them at least 4 stars had they not been rude . they did a good job on my toes and nails but it took longer then i 've ever spent in a nail salon . one head woman gave me a dirty look cause i did n't pick a color after she told me to and walked away . i wanted gel polish so i sat down and the 2nd woman started on my feet . it went down hill from there . if i 'm desperate i 'll go there again . its a shame , i 'd rather spend my money locally . i 'll drive for better service anyway . maybe they were having a bad day . no if they ca n't handle a busy saturday afternoon without getting irriated about one little thing they should n't be there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "these people really care about your nails ! honestly i only stopped in because i 'm a fan of marvel comics and the name caught my eye . now i will be a life time customer . they were so gentle and really took their time . my toes and nails have never looked better going to any other salon . so happy with them !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "offered me water right away which was great but $ 50 ( tip included ) for a full set ... ? ? ? not going back . the guy cut me many times , i 'm used to a few nicks here and there but this was bad ! and he burned my nails when using the tool . also , the sides are still sharp so i hard to file them down . for $ 50 i expects a lot better . i 'll keep looking for a nail salon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "first nail place i went to since moving out to tempe and i went there with my boyfriends mom . i just needed a fill and she was wanting new gel nails i got my nails done by the father i believe and they were ok , could have been better but also could have been worse . the acrylic did n't hold up as well as my previous nail salons did and just did n't look as neat and he really rushed through my job ( which you can tell ) but he got the length right where i wanted them . my boyfriends mom was handed off to 3 different people though just to get her nails repainted but the color was wonderful and they did a good job on her nails from what i could tell !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here on black friday because most places are closed or super busy . everyone here was super friendly and time efficient . my foot massage was on point and my nails looking fabulous . i was also offered beverages when i sat down and they had a wide variety of colors . would totally come back ! there was a guy with glasses who also gave super customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took forever to do a regular pedicure and then a gel manicure , was n't busy either . my thumbs were also filed crooked . not happy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place was awesome ! ! ! the girl that did my manicure was so sweet and professional . tien ( ? ) was the girl that did my manicure and a lovely woman did my pedicure ! ! it was a great value and very relaxing ! i will definitely be back . do n't let the outside appearance fool you they are professionals and their tools were sterilized .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy with all aspects . i recently moved from san francisco and i am particular about my beauty salons . quality was outstanding , super clean environment and tiffany and her family were very friendly . i will definitely be coming back very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! i have had my nails done by each of the three family members ( nancy , her husband and tiffany ) . i never had gel nails until i started going to this place and i always get compliments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today 's mani-pedi was incredible . the guy who did my nails did a great job at the intricate design i picked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer serve was stellar ! although we came in 15 mins before closing , they worked without rush and detail oriented .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went last week to get a manicure and pedicure . first off , i was there twice as long as i should have been because the man doing my nails was too busy hitting on me the whole time to actually get the work done . i used gel polish on both my hands and toes and it had been three days and the polish is already chipping off . you can see on the nails that the polish was n't even applied thick enough and it looks like there are square patches all over my toe nails . the price would have been reasonable if the job was done nicely but i will definitely not come back here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i came here to get a fun design for my upcoming vacation . the pedicure was nice but when it came time to do a design ( i asked for a pineapple ) not one person would do it . this yelp page is full of awesome nail designs so i was highly confused . they offered me the generic flower which i declined . my girlfriend comes every couple of weeks and they literally have done every design she ever asked for . not sure what the deal was . basically this place is like every other nail salon i have been to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "marvel nails is awesome ! all of the techs are all super friendly and welcoming . pick any design and they can do it ! ca n't wait to go back in a couple of weeks : ) definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sooo mad i went to this place ! ! the food is not good at all ! ! the curry was extremely watery like if it was a soup and taste really bad . my wife ordered the chicken stew and it was disgusting ... . i went back straight up and told the owner that for $ 30 dollars this was real bad caribbean food . he did n't offer any help and kick me out of the store by saying that his policy was not refound ! ! but it get worse ! ! ! i left the food on the counter but as soon as i got back to the car my wife asked me to go back and throw the food on the garbage , i went back inside and what i saw i could n't believe ! ! ! this dirty a-hole was putting the chicken back in the tray ! ! ! this is horrible ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place 's food is horrible . i definitely would not recommend it . the food is n't cooked properly and tastes poor in quality .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ordered the red snapper . the fish was rotten . owner threw me out after i asked for my money back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service could be greatly improved here . he sold me a basketball hoop and told me to save the receipt because many have had to be returned because they were broken . that 's assuring . they will price match but not with amazon . everything in this store can be bought for almost half the price on amazon but i always prefer to give my local stores the opportunity first .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered a part from leslies , they got the part in quickly but just did n't seem to have any customer service skills , same two guys on both times there and they both seemed to feel they were doing me a favor talking to them . i do n't know what else exists around henderson but i will be looking , they were horrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "comparing leslie 's prices to amazon is not fair . the convenience and overhead of a store is worth some $ . a real comparison would be between leslie 's and nps . there specials are competitive and i will generally wait for what i need and go to the store with the best price . relative , to comments about pr . i do agree that service can be a bit slow especially when there appears to have been , at several occasions , only one person handling the register . the store is well stocked , and from what i have witnessed , failed items and returns are replaced or refunded without ifs ands and buts . service can also be slow when more than one customer brings in a water sample for analysis . the times i have been there , i have found the store associates knowledgeable and friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like everyone else , i thought maybe it was just a really bad day because no one could be that inconsiderate . without going into details i finally just left and went to another location . the leslie 's at windmill & eastern is just the opposite . best customer service ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "with only one person working in the store , it took me 37 minutes to have my water tested . when i inquired if he had help coming he said no , just him . after telling him it is not fair to him or the customers he acted as if i was the one with the problem . 5 people were in line behind me . the only reason that i gave them 2 stars is the convenience . will be looking for a new pool supply store .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "agree with the previous reviewer that they have no pr skills . i purchased paint ( rubber-based sr pro 7 ) from their henderson branch at valle verde location and followed all the instructions provided by the store manager . the paint started chipping and coming off , however , within a month ! when i went back to report and provide feedback , they did not even listen to simply stating that `` it was 100 percent user failure , not the paint . '' i was n't , of course , expecting my money back , but it was so disappointing to see them not even engage with their customers . the worse is they removed my review from their website ! ! ! they now show three reviewers who rated them five stars ! what a bogus ! ! ! i will spend my money elsewhere ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quiite happy with the service . they were great about answering my many questions . will be returning to get my pool supplies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as the renovations move slowly along , my view of this declines . i would highly recommend them for the initial response to emergency damage , but not for the renovation stage . very sloppy painting job . they are working with us to make sure we are 100 % satisfied .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i agree with the previous review . they were very good at the emergency response for my water damage but the reconstruction was not so great . they are not very efficient in the process and at one point i actually waited for hours for someone to come out and install my carpet . the end result is pleasing but they should really work on efficiency . also they should probably make sure that the people they send your house can speak english . one of the guys made me very nervous cause i did n't think he could understand me . another one of the guys they sent out was n't very friendly at all and it one point gave me such horrific attitude i almost did n't even want him to step foot in my house again ! if you need somebody to come out and do emergency service they 're great at that i can say but everything else was just kind of a mess", "score": "3"}
{"review": "save by the grace of service pro ! ! ! onn july 3 , 2017 , in the late afternoon we came home to a flooded kitchen . they arrived the same day and stayed until 9:00 pm and returned when they said they would retreive the fans and finished removing debris . they were knowledgeable and professional . they let us know what they would be removing and when we hired a contractor what they would do . they worked with our insurance company and accepted direct billing from the insurance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very rude customer service from the store manager . they did not accept my identification and refused service . accused me of trying to fraud them . all i wanted was an upgrade of service . going back to windmobile .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "virgin prides itself on their customer care which is a total joke . they have the worst phone in customer care . the wait time is always over 10 minutes and then you risk getting cut off like i did on three separate calls . add to that the insult of not being able to register online unless you have a credit card associated with a canadian address . the whole point of pay as you go is the hassle free aspect of it . virgin adds extra hassle . i am taking the phone back . i would avoid virgin mobile at all costs . their marketing is not in line with the actual experience of trying to set up their phones . avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm puzzled by the lack of expertise of their tech support , all they do is read through the online faq solutions which because they 're accessible i 've already tried . most tech companies have an option to escalate an issue to more-technical rep 's if something is n't solved ; virgin does n't seem to have this option . my issue was not solved . i was with rogers at $ 90-95 a month ; rogers offered $ 72 month and upgrade to iphone 6 . my bills , factoring in things like more than 3 voice mail messages costing money or they get a 'voice mail full ' error , now cost the same as rogers . they said they use telus towers and so have the best coverage . i find coverage to be less than it was with rogers , for example in the vancouver north vancouver sea bus and stations , there is no coverage with virgin ... there was with rogers . i wish i had n't made the switch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "never have i been more upset or disappointed in a company . terrrrrible service in every aspect possible . signing with this company is the biggest mistake any cell user could make . my experience was terrrible after terrible after terrible-getting robbed and cheated left right and center ! ! ! any time i reached customer service , i was passed on and on , speaking to them was like talking to a robot and as helpful as trying to solve an algebra equation with chewing gum . five stars for frustrating the life out of custome i will forever work my persuasive and very effective sales charm on sending any potential client who approaches a kiosk within my view to another company with pleasure . i vow to serve as a cell advising vigilante for all my eaton and dufferin walking days . shammmme on you ! ! ! boo !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went here yesterday to switch from bell . the plan i got was much cheaper than what i had before and i was able to get set up with a new phone . the rep was friendly and helpful and the whole process was super easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am shocked to read the horrible reviews . i had the best experience ever today switching from wind ( boo ) to virgin . the sales rep matthew was so awesome . he was totally laid back and answered all my questions . i really hope i do n't end up hating my service like everyone else has .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i experienced the henna place as a client , where i am now an employee . i am basing my review solely on my experience as a client . i love all of the artists , and i find them all very talented . the energy they bring to their work is comforting and relaxed . the salon is beautifully designed and welcoming . i believe in this new business and i am 100 % behind their vision and mission .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i take my 12 year old daughter here every few weeks . every time she comes she wants to get a completely different henna each time . irene is patient and has the talent and confidence to provide a fantastic henna . i highly recommend irene everything time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing experience ! great conversation while artwork is completed . quick , creative and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "irene did two hennas for us today ; my daughter chose a beautiful hand design and i went with two super cute turtles . thank you for making her birthday special , irene !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time getting henna since i was a little girl . irene greeted me with a warm hello instantly . great customer service , creative , and fast ! it looked beautiful when i left the shop ! i hope it lasts awhile : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this henna shoppe is so amazing ... irene is super nice ... the possibilities are endless ... i so recommend this henna shoppe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service , ladies were very friendly . trending with the preteens .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my girls here for a birthday surprise . irene was so kind and did an amazing job on their henna tattoos . i would highly recommend the henna shoppe ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stumbled across the henna place at the mall . hailey did an amazing job . her detail was extraordinary . i would recommend . fun experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my daughter was excited when we walked by and saw a place that offered henna tattoos . the owners were there and were beyond friendly and accommodating . megan did an amazing job with my daughter 's henna tattoo . i would highly recommend them and we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "irene is seriously the best . i 've always wanted henna and i decided to do it for my birthday ... and i 'm so glad i did . irene is absolutely the sweetest and does amazing work ! i will be returning ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing art work , it was exactly what i was hoping for . thank you hailey ! i will recommend the henna place to all my friends , family , and co-workers : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent work but the prices are a little expensive . understandable though considering its in the mall . very modern and comfortable setting . not exactly what i expecting from a henna place but still satisfied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i passed the henna shoppe on the way in the mall and as i went into each store , my sister and i could n't stop talking about getting one . we looked through the binder with multiple beautifully made designs , and i chose a $ 20 design . irene was so helpful and was very sweet . she is an amazing conversationalist , and it felt therapeutic as she made the design on my hand . i definitely will be coming back ! me and my sister loved our designs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "julie was amazing , supper friendly ! i love my henna and i 'm super excited to see how it looks in a few days ! she did an amazing job ! prices are great and the atmosphere there is extremely friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "irene is currently doing my artwork , and it 's amazing ! she 's not even done , and i love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ladies ! steady hands and positive attitudes , very helpful with any questions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "irene is the best ! she did some beautiful artwork of baby groot on my arm and a beautiful design on my niece ! also , she was so kind to me when we were discussing my little brother 's passing and my string of bad luck lately . if you 're looking for something fun to do , get henna tattoos ! so fun and not as expensive as anticipated ! great experience and great prices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my nieces and daughter to the henna shop at arrowhead towne center and we all got beautiful art ! ! fun , fast and friendly service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our artist hailey did an amazing job . she gave my wife the most detailed henna i have ever seen . i was also surprised at how fast she did it . the quality was superb and it was obvious she has worked years to master her craft . she was also nice and made easy conversation . i 'm telling my friends about this place and will make sure they get hailey as their artist !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hailey was an amazing person very nice person . love to talk to her and really respectful . she is an amazing artist . and she has a lot of patience . hailey is a really good worker . hailey does n't mind how complicated or simple it is she has a smile on her face ready to do her job . i give her a 5star up for her art work and her dedication .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hailey did an amazing job with my henna . i had her do a freestyle and it was the best thing i 've ever seen . the amount of detail and how little time it took was perfect . she was also very kind and sweet . i plan to come back and tell all my friends about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a fun place to go with the girls an just chat . everyone is amazing ! got my henna before my trip to the bahamas an got lots of compliments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hailey was awesome ! so talented , so sweet ! ! i love her work and would definitely come back again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here with my sisters and got amazing and beautiful henna , it lasted for at least 2 weeks . the staff was friendly and we really enjoyed ourselves !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hailey is awesome ! ! ! my girls were so happy ! ! ! thank you ! we will definitely be back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome ! got a great henna stain . very warm , knowledge , personable . a fun place to go with friends and family ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jess did a henna on my foot free handed looks amazing , would recommend this place and her to anyone she was very friendly and fun to be around as well as all other employees in the store . made this experience even better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is for low life people who would never qualify to live anywhere else . because of that , this place is not safe . the office staff only cares to collect your rent . if you need something fixed or you have a concern about something happening within the community they can care less ; they just care to get their money . if you want to live in a safe , nice , and quality place keep looking because this is not the place for you . if you are a low life that ca n't qualify to rent anywhere else , ca n't follow rules , and like to loiter at all hours of the night then this is the place for you . beware you are not going to like living here if you are a decent person !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the management here is horrible beyond belief . two and a half months to fix the alarm system . going on over a week to fix the kitchen sink faucet that is currently broken in two pieces . emergency maintenance calls are erased without anyone doing anything about it ( like when my water heater blew last year ) until you physically go to the office and tell someone . do n't move here . it blows .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would n't even give this place one star , it should be a -5star . managers need to go back to customer service training . i tried to do a move out walk through but the apartment had been broke into so i had to go to the office and deal with alex , he is the most rudest , unprofessional manager i have ever encountered . my advise to you sir , if you do n't want to deal with the public quit your job and find something else . you looked at me and treated me like i was trailer trash , for your information alex i am not trailer trash , i live in a nicer place than you manage and i most likely make twice the money you do . all i was trying to do was give you back your apartment . with your paint that cant be washed and carpet that cant be cleaned . you need a attitude adjustment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "and yet . still waiting for the check . no type of communication or check whatsoever ! almost 3months now . thank you for responding but actions speak louder than words !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "constant construction and little notice to destroy your day . lost rent checks and ridiculous late fees . i would not recommend this apt complex to a friend and even looking forward to moving out !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the `` 24 hour pool and jacuzzi '' is always broken . they promised for a year to fix it . managers are always changing and the old ones get blamed . meanwhile , new managers take forever to do anything . most of the office staff pretends to care but the only one that really does is betty . my unit is in one of the better spots , even though i have to look at old furniture and mattresses every day all over our dumpsters . overall not worth the price . maybe for $ 695- $ 730 for my one bedroom but not the $ 805 plus $ 35 plus renters insurance they make you get . so , about $ 900 and every time i use the jacuzzi or the restroom i have to step in and smell urine . most of the staff is ignorant to all of this or just does n't care enough . why should they ? it 's not effecting their lives . very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this apt complex makes it too easy for just anyone to live here , i have someone living above me who is always throwing loud parties and smokes weed from his car with the music so loud i can hardly concentrate on anything . i have a neighbor right across from me who has a dog , a loud dog that barks constantly , i thought this was a `` cats only '' complex , but no , i have seen way too many people here sneaking their dogs around while i had to pay extra just to have my cat here . and finally , i have a neighbor behind me who probably rented the apt for himself , but then decided to move his 15 friends relatives in with him , so i 'm always hearing them come and go at all hours , and with the paper thin walls in this place , its really irritating . and according to all of the other negative comments , i guess i will have a surprise move out cleaning bill to look forward to for no reason when i leave next year , just great .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at first very welcoming , very pleasant but when you sign a lease everything pretty much goes down the hill . no one comes in to repair anything and when you leave they charge you for it even when you 've put a work order on it from the beggining of time . rate goes up every lease term ! and we got charged 200 $ for leaving a vinyl sticker decor on the wall ( something you can peel off easily ) . the one star is for the once upon a time friendly person . stay somewhere else !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first experience with renaissance villas was n't the best but with the help of patrick , my feelings of the place has changed to the more positive side . in comparison to other properties it is a good price for a two bedroom and the location is super convenient . every place has their flaws but i can definitely see the effort of improving . this complex is large with two separate divisions , you can not expect maintenance to come at a drop of a dime . since day one patrick has helped me with everything i had issues with along with the other staff members .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just moved in recently and really enjoy it ! very dog friendly , pools are nice , the gym is great and office members are very nice and helpful as with the maintenance team as well . would definitely recommend people to this property !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love my apartment and the convenience of the location ! staff is always helpful and attentive to my needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give this place 0 stars i would . i have moved out almost a year ago and still ca n't get my deposit back . the people that work there are rude , condescending and have no business in customer service . when they are trying to get your money in the beginning they are super sweet , once you 're moved in they show their real personality . as for the actual apartments , the accommodations are ok but way over priced . out if the 4 pools they have only 1 is cleaned and works . it 's always overcrowded with non residents . in the `` gym '' only 1 treadmil works . they use a lawn blower starting as early as 6am and continue till 2pm , and the grounds are still full of dog feces and other garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't have enough good things to say about this place , especially the people working in the office ! loryn , patrick , and april have been beyond helpful . any time i 've had a question or concern , the office has gotten back to me that very same day . also , you ca n't beat the price ! i would definitely recommend renaissance villas to anyone looking to move .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am writing this review for toni in the front office , not for the complex itself as i do n't lease here . but ! i went in a few days ago to look at an apartment after another place fell through . i was desperate having been broken into at the place i was living . i entered on a whim and on the verge of a panic attack . while talking to toni i started to cry because i was overwhelmed with the process of having to move so quickly . i actually ended up leasing a new apartment at a different complex that a friend recommended and was closer to work , but i am so grateful for the time and compassion toni had when working with me and how dedicated she was to ensuring that i felt safe in my situation . although another complex was the better choice for me right now , her professionalism and compassion spoke volumes to me . i ca n't speak about what living in this complex is like , but i will surely remember toni .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is for the groomers . thanks for sending my dog home with a cut and a raging infection and not even bothering to tell me you nicked him . never again ! now i have a vet bill when i could have dealt with it immediately after the appointment . i 'm so angry !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just picked up my two maltese dogs after paying 100 for both to have them groomed , bathed & nails clipped . they were not washed . they were stinking and still had stains from the sauce they ate last night around their mouth . the staff hung up on us twice when we called to speak with a manager . when i was finally transfered to the managers office the phone kept ringing and never went to voicemail . no wonder this was the onlly location that had any openings on saturday in the west valley . i will be filing a complaint with the bbb and never take my dogs their again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great selection of pet stuff . a bit pricey but they only sell pet stuff so they have to be . tons of dog treats to choose from . my dog sam loves to go here and sniff everything . they have emergency my dog pooped in the store stations . staff is friendly . they have a awesome laser engraver that gets your pet some credentials .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "live feed is unreliable . just got a hundred pack of worms with 30 still alive . as with any fresh goods , stock should be rotated and or clearanced , not sold dead rotten . i am a fairly new reptile owner , this has been a recurring and frustrating theme . i rarely if ever get pupating dying mealworms from other suppliers . animals up for sale often seem to need water .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for the pet tranner `` john dotson `` ! my fb and i took our little puppy for tranning classes with him . . i absolutely 100 % recommended john as a tranner . . . he spends one on one time with you and your dog as well . . . he teaches you different ways as well as diffrent methods on how to train your dog . . if you ever ask him any questions on your dog he will give you a truthful answer not a bull sh answer and if he dose not know the answer to your question he always makes sure to do research for you . . . every time he sees us in the store with our puppy he comes and says hello . . he 's always trying to teach us new ways on how to train our dog even though our puppy has graduated from his class lol . . . if you want a good pet tranner ask for john this guy is awesome he goes above and beyond for your dog i give him a million stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pablo goes to school here . he seems to like it . he has learned alot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this groomers is the place to go . i have an australian cattle dog and i love all the cuts he has gotten here . i change the length up sometimes and i have never been disappointed . only thing that i would recommended is to lower the cost just a little . it does dig in very much into my wallet to continue bringing him here so often . they should have discounts for repeat clients .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this petsmart , a girl name amber cuts my little girl 's hair and it always looks amazing . the price is okay , i wish i could get coupons to help with ticket price . but , when she comes out , she looks amazing . i love the service , the people , the vet , the nurses ... everyone there including people at the register are really nice . a pleasure going there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this starbucks location has limited amount of seats indoors and a nice small patio outside during the summertime . it 's hard to find a seat here ; it 's always full ! during the morning and lunchtime it can get hectic here . otherwise , the lines are generally smaller compared to the other billion starbucks in the area . i 've always experienced the staff here to be friendly and efficient . i never had a drink mix-up here as they take my name whenever i make an order . the place is clean , has a cozy warm colored interior and it 's very warm inside , sometimes way too warm . this starbucks is great if you 're on the go during the day . defiantly not a place to meet up for coffee with a friend as this place is small and almost never has seats available .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tiny little starbucks , gets really busy in the morning - it 's a place to work your zen abilities , they will screw your order somehow . even if it 's something they had written in the chalkboard . do n't take it personally , happens with everyone . happened with me , with the lady before me and the guy after me . i do n't know if they are dumb , poorly trained or do n't sleep well . as there are about 5 starbucks in this neighbourhood , i 'd try another - i go to this one just because i work literally across the street .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "let me start by saying that i 'm assuming you already know what starbucks is . if not then go slap yourself and get out of the house once in a while . what do they have ? coffee and other coffee related dining essentials . all the starbucks usuals are here , but with the added benefit of a nice crew of baristas . friendly and always happy to make your day slightly less crappy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like this location then the other locations at yonge eglinton . this is further north ( ? ) so it 's a bit more quiet and laid back , compared to the other locations where it can be so busy with students away on their laptops . this location is more spacious i think and much quieter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very busy starbucks , but location is small . in the summer there is a patio section available , but the wifi signal is n't strong enough for me to get a signal out there ... .so that 's a negative . otherwise , it 's a fine starbucks if you do n't mind just grabbing and go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bit of an average location . no comfy seats . outside your sat on the road basically . small inside . not the best spot to hang out . if you walk north a block the next starbucks is way nicer .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice to get a starbucks barista who spells my name correctly ! this is a small location but it services the area well and i find staff is quick even in rush hours . both this location and the one just north of yonge are adequate , but the most spacious sb option in the area is the mount pleasant cafe .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not much to be said about this location . it 's a pretty tiny starbucks , but the service that you receive is one of the best in the area . the baristas are very friendly to customers and are more than willing to help you out when they can . the baristas at this location offers to heat up your pastries , something that most baristas does not do .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never had any issues with this starbucks . probably because i 'm never there during the day . small but i always get a seat . friendly staff . sizable patio . no complaints .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this starbucks is usually pretty packed with people trying to do their work so it 's kind of hard to get a seat . but the staff is funny and friendly ( like all other starbucks ) . this location is probably one of my favourite ones because of the patio space . it off to the side with a separation wall blocking the street and connected to the condo area with the pretty trees and entrance way . the inside and outside of the store is constantly clean but the layout of the store in my opinion is a little bit awkward .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every morning get a tall americano in a grande cup here . the server remember what i order . that makes me feel cared : ) their new cheese denish is very delicious . staff is very attentive . one of my favourite place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have everything every other starbucks has to offer but with a very friendly staff . they 've never got my order wrong , they come up with suggestions and they can be really fast as they have to . if i need to be critical it would be because they are sometimes out of chocolate chip cookies at the end of the day . ; - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to go if you want to deal with a complete bitch of a doctor who has absolutely no patience for questions and talks to you like you 're an idiot for asking . otherwise fine i suppose .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been waiting 50+ mins to be called back . i walked in a few mins after they opened . that said , super nice staff . i 'm diagnosed and off to get medicine to help me feel better", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been to this location several times for weekend emergencies . the tech who took vitals was very friendly ! however , the wait was terrible ! 45 minutes in the waiting room and 1 hour wait in the patient room before i was seen .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "check in on line and showed up 20 min early and still waiting ask why they had a on line service it was just to track wait times an hour in half later", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when you check in on the website the wait times are never accurate . i had an appointment scheduled and when i got there the front desk said that it was `` just the time i needed to be there by and not the time i would be seen '' and that the wait was over 2 hours long for me ! the lady was so rude and condescending . if i was wanting to wait forever with my sick 8 week old and puke violently in their waiting room i would have just showed up and not wasted my time on their online check in .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time checking in online . of course i did n't know that until after i got here & was told checking in online means nothing & the wait is 2 hours . everyone here moves at a snails pace . i heard the receptionist tell someone there is only 1 provider but there are n't that many people waiting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "literally 0 people waiting in this office right now besides my son who has pink eye and myself . anyone want to guess how long we have been sitting here ? ? same ole same ole shit ass care . this place is unbelievable lol . i hate everything about this place ! ! ! i 'm all done . not even worth my finger strength to type .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "receptionist was cold and rude to each patient that came in . she told people it was a very long wait and talked a few people into leaving .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our first experience at this location . we were seen timely by a nurse practitioner . she did a nice job taking care of my husbands finger cut . because no one worked regularly at this location , they struggled finding supplies . very clean and nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am going to start this by saying , i am a new employee at fastmed in their corporate office in gilbert . i was feeling very ill earlier this week , and when i called my primary care drs . office , i was informed they were no longer in business . i went to one of our offices on signal butte . it is kind of funny when i first walked in , to be on the other side of the desk . they took such care of me that day . it makes me feel so great to know that i have a place in my neighborhood when my parents and grandkids come to visit ; just in case there is an emergency . i walked out of that clinic feeling so much better ! i ca n't tell you how much pride i have in the company that i have joined ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was truly pleased with their level of service ! ! their name truly is a testament of their service . `` mel '' at the front desk was awesome and extremely helpful ! the clinic manager was amazing ! we brought back equipment for return , and mariah was a big help , at the same time extremely friendly and cared for our complete satisfaction . thank you mrs. mariah ! the p.a . was quick and did n't make us wait . i 'm already spreading the word to family and friends about your office . i know your office will be our go to spot if any medical attention needs be ! thanks again for y'alls exceptional service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been to this location before and have been happy each time . we went for my daughter 's sports physical . we walked right in , filled out one paper , and were seen by sports medicine doc in under 30 minutes . the cost was only $ 35 and no insurance was needed . the dr. did a thorough exam and made sure my daughter was fit for swim tryouts !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had nothing but good experiences here ! we have taken three of our kids here , one with a uti , one with a sprained wrist had one for stitches . it 's clean , we 've never waited long and the staff has all been fabulous .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and efficient ! the online check-in tool said it was n't working at the moment so i took a chance and came over . there was one person before me and no one else in the waiting room . they checked me in fast , called me back and before i knew it , i had a diagnosis and was walking out the door . i 've been down this road before at other urgent care centers , this location has always done a great job as being quick , efficient , and getting me on my way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited this office last sunday afternoon . i called ahead and was told they do n't take appointments but there was only 1 person in the waiting room at that time . i arrived and was greeted by a super nice and helpful man at the front desk . i noticed he was not only helpful to me but to the people he spoke with on the phone as well . i waited maybe 10 minutes to be called back to see a doctor . less than one minute after i was shown to a room the doctor came in . i explained my symptoms and she confirmed that i did indeed have shingles . she explained to me the normal course of action and what i could expect for recovering . she wrote my prescriptions and was extremely polite and friendly with both me and my husband while taking care of me . in less then 30 minutes from start to finish i was on my way home . i had an excellent experience here and i highly recommend this office .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like these guys , the doctors always seem to be good-not creepy , i 've gone to urgent cares where the doctors are just wrong . the staff is nice , the waiting room is nice . i like how they kind of have sections , and comfy chairs etc . rooms are clean and they seem faster than other places . i do n't get annoyed when i go here , but i do other places-not sure why .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been to this facility two other times and the wait is outlandish . this time we thought we would eliminate the waiting room wait by getting online and doing the zip pass . why allow online zip pass appointment when the front receptionist does n't check you in when you actually arrive ? appointment changed from 11:30 to 12:18 because she did n't check us in when we arrived ( which she acknowledged ) . `` appointment '' at 11:30 and not seen till 1:30 . we will never be coming here again . the front desk is always rude and the wait is n't worth it . i 'd rather be sick .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "update on my previous review . with respect to the post billing process at fastmed , be sure you keep any emails you get from them regarding the charges for your visit . i received an email indicating that they were going to bill my credit card for my copay . checked my card and sure enough $ 25.00 was billed and posted to my account . then a few days later i get a bill in the mail indicating i still owe the copay . i see that this is going to be a fun battle to deal with now . come on fastmed , let 's get it together .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in with a sore throat . the dr ( very nice ) looked at my throat and ears , prescribed a cough syrup and antibiotics . no tests , that was it . $ 275 . two hundred and seventy five dollars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after reading the reviews on google i was expecting a terrible experience . but i absolutely love this place . it is super clean , the staff is super friendly and i was brought back right away . right when i was headed out to leave i got very dizzy and had to lay down , the pa and the assistant were very helpful and did n't make me feel rushed to leave . they have made sure i am comfortable and have shown an interest in how i actually feel . i will absolutely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far , clean facility , easy to get to location ... front desk admin could use a little smile injection . i know it 's monday morning but when you work with the public a cheerful & friendly disposition is necessary 100 % of the time : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , we did n't wait long . mare and chris treated me , asked all the right questions , patched me up , and had me on my way in good time . very nice staff and on point treatment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after making an appointment online arrived half an hour early the wait time was over 3 hours . still sitting here waiting , i will never come to fastmed urgent care again . the receptionist said they only have one provider on the weekends . this is very poorly managed medical facilities . lesson learned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i visited this particular location because they advertise a sports medicine program . i find this advertisement misleading . there is not really a separate program here at all . you still wait for hours to see the physician on duty who also treats the rest of the people in the urgent care ( for flu , sinus infections etc.. ) . while jeff f. has great bedside manner , he is extremely busy and not able to do any 1:1 follow up care because he is often the only physician on duty at this particular location . because he is so busy it did take longer than normal for my mri referral to be completed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i agree with an earlier review that this place is anything but `` fast '' or `` urgent '' . my son came in for a simple ua and we waited more than an hour before he was called back . and uas are `` put up to the top of the list because they do n't require seeing a doctor . ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ok i have had over a week of someone to help my husband . our primary takes a month to getbin so if your sick your doomed or else urgent care it is . my husband came here monday and got prescribed something not helpful , i played phone tag all day and gave up . after watching my husband in torture with jis situation decided to call again when i finally got an awesome person named jenny . thanks jenny for getting my husband what he needed and giving him relief . thank god for you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the doctor was great w my adolescent son who needed stitches in his hand . all employees were prompt , thorough and helpful throughout our exlerience . this was my second time there w him this year . wait times were very good both instances .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was seen for a sports injury by jeff . the girls up front were friendly and professional . the dr was kind and attentive to my needs . i was impressed with this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone on the staff was exceptional . i was seen quickly and pa laura was terrific . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great visit . i felt welcomed and was helped immediately . i would definitely go back to fast med . no more gold canyon urgent care for me ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is anything but `` fast '' and `` urgent '' . i used the zip pass and i was there over an hour . i understand we want the pa to take their time with patients , in order for proper diagnosis , but he only saw me for less than 10 minutes ( that 's w the time to write the prescriptions ) . it would be nice to have more than one pa working during this sick season . the staff members were very friendly and professional and the pa did apologize for the wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very pleased with the whole urgent care experience . senior guy here , went in for a tetanus shot following a dog bite . clean facilities , friendly desk staff , competent medical personnel . definitely recommend this business to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my visit was fast , staff very friendly and pa was right on point . i would go back if needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible care , rude staff . receptionist wiped snot from her nose with her hand before handing my id back to me . medical assistant does n't know medical terminology and could barely take a blood pressure . pa seem like you he had a date that he was late for and an x-ray tech handed me my discharge papers and tried to explain how amoxicillin would help for pain . ugh ! incompetence at its finest . : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's an urgent care so you can expect long wait times . i came in and there were a few ppl , not a lot , but still took about a total of 1.5 hrs to be done . kind of a pain but the staff was super friendly and got what i needed . customer care wise they were great . as far as wait goes it seemed a little above avg . if i have to go to an urgent care again then i 'd for sure swing here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in late on a saturday nite after getting the top of my finger ripped off , nothing but praise for these guys ! got me in right away and even got me in pretty fast the next day for a follow up even though they were really busy . they do get overwhelmed but they prioritize pretty well , if you are bleeding like a pig you will get seen before someone with a cough . some people do n't like that but that 's the way it needs to be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guy mike at the front was so not personable ... . not rude but definitely not happy . he actually made me feel super weird.. if your working at a front desk you should be welcoming ... . also i got hired for a job and am here to get my drug test . i came in with 2 people ahead of me and i 've been here for over and hour and a half . plus they always end up charging my insurance so much . there are better places for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "took my son here as he was n't feeling well . the staff was nice . the facility was clean and organized . the pa that was working was very nice . she was patient and listened to what was going on . she did n't make us feel rushed at all and explained her recommendations and provided the info on paper as well . the wait time can be a little longer than anticipated but overall our experience here was nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i normally come here when i ca n't get in to see the doctor or i 'm really ill. every time i came previously i had a good experience . this time , not so much . i 'm the only one sitting in the lobby and the guy who came in after me has come and gone . the receptionist was a complete bitch and did n't like that i would not sign a paper stating i have high deductible hsa insurance . since my insurance is n't an hsa or high deductible , i refused ; then was told if i want to be seen i had to sign it or leave . so i 'm sitting here and waiting for a nurse or doctor when there are no other patients waiting , forced to have signed a paper i did n't or should have had to sign .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "thank goodness there is still a big box sporting goods place . it is nice to be able to physically see the items . however dick 's sporting goods are not the cheapest in price and sometimes i get pissued off because they advertise stuff and say , it is only at certain type stores . for instance they advertised a flag tshirt for july 4th time and i go in and they said it is only at the camp stores which this one is not . come on , if you are going to national advertise and it is on the front page , stock it at all stores or do n't advertise it and place on the front ! what a waste of time !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was looking online to buy spikeball . i wanted it asap so i decided to run over to dicks . the store is very well organized and carries a great selection of sporting goods and apparel . i ran across the manager ( mark ) and he went above and beyond my expectations in order to make sure we were able to get what we were looking for . we ended up getting spikeball with a coupon for a better price than what i could find online . i will definitely be back to this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does n't stock well at all . not to mention customer service is very poor . spent 35 dollars on socks and they would n't break a $ 20 bill for me , the cashier called a manager up just to tell me no because it 's a company policy ? ? ? ? it 's the little things guys ... i 'll take my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to this location looking for a pair of comfortable work shoes for being on my feet for eight hours . looked at the standard nikes however don in footwear was very insightful as to looking at a different brand that provided more comfort and the correct support needed for my job . despite it being busy i was in and out of there within 10 minutes . hard working , insightful and polite . will be coming back to this location for footwear in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i could give no stars i would . i came in for an issue and was met with judgment and criticism . i do not recommend anyone going to this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to wfl to see cindy steel for a couple years now and i ca n't say enough about her and her staff . i always feel welcome and taken care of , cindy is a great listener and really cares about her patients . i initially came in because i did n't have insurance but now even though i 'm insured and the office is not super close for me living in tempe , i still make the trip because it would be hard to find anything that would rival the comfort i feel coming to wfl . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently visited wellness for less for my annual dot physical . this is my third year now as a patient customer . i am always amazed by the personal treatment , and level of care and professionalism that is provided . this establishment offers one of the most professional group of employees within a medical office that i have ever experienced . the level of service far surpasses the surprisingly affordable , and almost unheard of office visit cost . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome little place definitely affordable and friendly and really convenient i love it and i really recommend it to anyone that 's need something quick", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff , i 'm always recommending it to everyone it 's really affordable and close by , i went in the for a physical i need asap , and they did in no time , it 's my go to clinica", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am extremely grateful for wellness for less , and for cindy steel . with insurance , without insurance , i come here for my health needs . especially in the event of needing some urgent care . very professional , very friendly and very affordable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love love love this place ! ! ! they are kind and really go out of their way to help you . it is such a blessing to me and i am so very grateful , especially since i do not have insurance and even if i did , i would absolutwly continue to come here . each visit is the price of a copay and i have never had any reason for complaint ! ! ! please support this wonderful business ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have heard numerous bad things about this midas , however i myself have never had any problems what so ever . they are always very courteous and helpful and i never feel like i am being taken advantage of . i would highly recommend going here for your automotive needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove in 20 minutes prior to closing and they took me right in . my brakes were squealing . i had for bad brakes with front caliber frozen . they quoted fair price and had someone drive me home so they could get an early start on the repair . i called off work but had to go back . they were done before noon and picked me up . brakes work great . thanks midas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are amazing ! they really helped me out a lot definitely would recommend this place to my family and friends . you guys rock !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ummmmm wait a minute ... there 's one in chandler too ? ? ? oh boy ... one close to home annnnnnd one close to work ... happy dance ... usually a sequel suxs , unless you 're francis ford or rocket burger & subs ... nice job guys . keep up the good work ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place ! ! the vibe is super awesome and there is a plethora of craft sodas to choose from ! ! the onion rings are the perfect mixture of onion and batter , not to thick and caked lightly . i get the new yorker on marble rye with ghost pepper cheese , ( warning it 's hot ) the sandwich is filling and so flavorful ! do n't forget the rocket sauce !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hubby and i tried this place in search of a delish burger . omg . when i say this place by the spot , that 's an understatement . i kinda wish they had beer , but that 's not a big deal . we got the garlic swiss and the southwest burgers . both were so good . the buns are soft and fresh , taste like brioche . one order of fries is plenty for two people . the owner ( i think ) was super nice and helpful . the southwest burger has a deep fried green chile on it ! we will for sure be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food ! and yes if you are going to splurge this is the place to do it ! i especially like the breaded cheese curds . the menu is outrageous . the employees i think are a family . i 'll tell all my coworkers to try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for an a+ burger , amazing side and a one of a kind soda with no muss or fuss , this is the place to go ! this is a small little joint but great cooks service and a wide selection of subs , sides , sodas and burgers . 10 10 will be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glad we tried this place . it was delicious and the burgers were juicy . we got the philly burger , the garlic melt , cheese fries and chicken nugget kids meal . everything was cooked to perfection . very large selection of crafted sodas glad they came to the neighborhood and looking forward to coming back . only suggestion i do have is to offer a gluten free bun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding place , slush puppies , craft soda , fresh shoestring cut fries ... . large italian , fresh deli meats , toppings , provolone cheese was great n fresh hoagie bun.. toasted , and was down right great.. new yorker , what the whattt , usually not a huge fan of pastrami , but this may be my # 2 sammich now.. awesome slaw , swiss cheese , n rocket suace.. i suggest u try it.. toasted as well.. snoozeberry soda was great , fries feshly cut shoestring , little undercooked , but , take out did n't notice till home n still ate them all.. across street pretty much , will try burger sub n philly cheesesteak next.. cheers n kudos , keep up the great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place out for the first time today with the grand kids burgers and fries were great blt was good too . nice friendly helpful staff", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our first visit was n't so good when we found a hair in my sons ranch followed by a bug in our frys . the two employees were apologetic and offered a free drink , but not enough to make us go back plus it was expensive an disappointing cheese curds", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome burgers ! i got the garlic special and it was delicious ! i ordered the california burger this tube and it was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sitting at rocket burger as i write this . no need to mull anything over today . this is my first , my inaugural visit . i can say workout a doubt , without equivocation , i just enjoyed the best burger i 've ever had ! mine , the philly burger , was a flavor explosion cooked perfectly and accompanied with awesome fries . they offer a wonderful selection of fountain and bottle sodas i 've never seen before . dead world zombie orange soda ? they have it . they have it all . i 'm so full . it was so good ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "landed in this little sweet-spot accidentally today , just looking for a kid-friendly burger place that could accommodate a vegetarian . i 'm so impressed ! i took an employee up on his recommendation for the cole-slaw mexican fish sandwich , and was not disappointed . the owner even came out and introduced himself and asked how our food was personally ! i 'll be coming back any time i 'm in the area for sure . thanks for the great meal , guys ! ( ps this place has beer too ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a hidden gem of a place ! this has become a regular for me and my daughter : pedicure manicure and rocket burger ! lol the menu is great with something for everyone . portions are generous but the really neat thing ( there 's many at this place ) is that they sell bottled drinks ! i love the butterscotch sodas and my daughter goes for the red cream sodas ! over 100 types i 'm sure ! the food- amazing ! i 've had the small rueben and it is a generous size . i have n't been able to finish it . i 've even ordered to go for my husband . he 's a hard sell and said the santa fe burger was hands down the best burger he 's ever had ! prices are n't bad , great food . the only downside is there are only 3 booths . you may want to get it to go if seating is tight . you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love little mom and pop places like this . service was fast and super friendly and he burger was so cool ! too many options for bottled drinks , my head was spinning . definitely my new burger joint", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only thing i can review is the cheesecurds . the ones that had cheese inside were pretty good . unfortunately half my order was tiny pea sized crispy things . and i paid an extra $ 1 for a tiny ranch and bbq sauce . i would n't have gotten had i known , since there 's sauce in my fridge . but hey , this place specializes in burgers which i did not try . they do look yummy though", "score": "2"}
{"review": "absolutely loved the food ... .i got the ghost pepper burger and oh man ... .so good ... forgot what my husband got ... .i think it was called `` after burner '' he loved it so many options for sodas it was amazing . owner and staff are super friendly and will recommend things for you to try . i cant wait to go back and try something new ... .definitely worth it ! try the ginger vanilla root beer ... .oooohh myyy goooddd ! you wont regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome burger joint . i 've been here about 10 times now and can tell they serve some outstanding burgers and sandwiches . all the service pros are welcoming and seem happy to be there and serve . their soda `` pop '' selection is unreal . you look at all these different sodas and you ca n't help but feel you are in a `` way back '' machine .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! been searching for a solid burger place since i moved here , and i found one ! rockets burger and subs is probably one of the best burger restaurant i 've been too in a long time ! it 's a hole in wall , but that 's where the best food comes from ! the place is small , but very well maintained and clean ! the burgers are beyond amazing ! the burgers are freshly cooked and well seasoned ! all the toppings are freshly added to your burger ! the buns do get a little soggy over a short period of time , but the taste makes up for that ! hard to beat this place for pure quality of food and affordability . if there was a `` yelp hidden gem '' of the year award , they would be nominated ! recommend this place for lunch , dinner or anytime you crave a burger !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rocket burger is surely one of the best burger restaurants in phoenix ! the restaurant was small and quaint , it offered an extensive selection of burgers , hot dogs , sandwiches , sodas and much more ! the walls were lined with quirky bottles of craft soda , sure to please any taste . on a saturday afternoon , we experienced both friendly and fast service . as for the food ... it was astronomically tasty ! one of the most delicious and unique burgers was the gyro burger , which unfortunately , we were n't able to photograph because it was eaten so fast ! the burgers were topped with a mouth-watering rocket sauce and the fries were seasoned to perfection ! we will definitely be back because coming to rocket burger was a blast ! our new favorite burger place ! ! ! it will not disappoint !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i was at the er in chandler and needed a quick meal . found this place and i sure am glad i did . i got the gyro sandwich , an order of onion rings , and one each of their cookies . i am now back waiting in the er and i ca n't wait till i can go back to try something else . the food is excellent , the staff is very friendly , and the place is very clean . i do n't give five stars out often , but this place deserves it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best chicken sandwich i have ever had ! they have ghost pepper cheese and cheese curds ! great old fashioned soda choices and the owner is very nice . it is in the plaza of safelite so kind of hard to see but definitely worth it ! lots of variety for all different kinds of taste buds !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish this place existed in irvine ! great menu and selection of menu items and yummy burger sandwich options ! kids loved the mini corn dogs and selecting of craft sodas ! will go back when in arizona for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found me a new burger joint ! this place was absolutely fantastic ! i got the santa fe burger and the green chile was what i was hoping for , nice and spicy . i also had the chili cheese fries , which were huge , i should not have eaten so much but it was too good to stop . i will definitely make this a regular stop when i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i know this is a burger place . but i love hot dogs and good dogs are hard to find . i especially love chicago dogs . now these hot dogs are called chicago dogs but are grilled and not on the traditional poppy seed bun . but we loved them ! and that 's unusual for us as normally nothing but a traditional chicago dog will do . also great fries and onion rings . and love the craft sodas ! have been twice already and will be back . a third time . and a fourth time . and so on and so on..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for hh on a friday night with my sis and her family . everyone was happy and satisfied when we left . i was greeted as soon as i walked in the door . and found my family . it is a small place , but the service and the food was good . 1 . chicken teriyaki - grilled chicken with sauce 2 . chicken tatsuta - deep fried chicken marinated in garlic and ginger the hh menus are a great value ! ! ! get here early , because the tables fill up fast ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! i 've been going to the same sushi place in the phoenix area for the past 6 years because it 's the only legitimately delicious sushi place i found in this desert city ... until tonight . was in the goodyear area and wanted sushi , but most places had crappy reviews , until yelp reviewers led me to this phenomenal establishment . i am both excited but sad to say that i have now found a new favorite sushi place ... the atkins roll was like nothing i 've ever experienced before ! i ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in love w japanese dynamite ! ! the el paso roll is a must try , it 's as scrumptious as my love who happens to be from el paso !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since moving to the west valley i ca n't find a restaurant because people give these great reviews and this was place was one of them . the menu 's were falling apart , the sushi was mush and the service was bad ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm sad because i love the food here , but we just wo n't go because the service is horrendous . avoid the patio at all costs . it 's a great spot to sit outside but the last three times we sat outside we had horrible or nonexistent service . it does n't matter if the restaurant is busy or slow . one time we just left after waiting for almost 15 minutes for anyone to take a drink order or at least tell us they 'd be right with us . there were only a few tables so it was n't because they were busy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very disappointed , been coming here for a year and the service has been getting slower and slower . that did not bother me till today , walked in with my kids , wife , and father . 6 others walked in after us . all of the customers that walked in after us had orders taken and drinks delivered and nobody even bothered to ask us for a drink order . my guess is the kids are to much of a hassle since we were the only family . we left , on the way out we passed the waitress that had served us every time we came and she did n't even attempt to see what the problem was , not impressed !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my boyfriend and i just tried this place on wednesday and it was great ! we had the calamari , edamame , a spicy tuna roll , a baja roll , and another roll that i can not remember the name of that was delicious ! he did n't care for the edamame and neither of us thought that the calamari was great , but all 3 of the rolls that we ordered were great ! the staff was also very nice , and made us feel welcome . also , we thought that the prices were less expensive than other sushi places that we liked , but without a compromise in quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is wonderful and the prices are great . but the service is lousy . had to ask for everything because our waitress ignored us after she brought our first drink . also the staff lied to me about the beer they served me . i had a kirin in a bottle . the brought me another `` kirin '' supposedly on draft . not even close ! the difference was like the difference between lemonade and milk : obvious . but they tried to sell it as , a kirin even when i told them it was obviously something different . the non japanese beer on their menu is n't even a beer at all ; it is o'douls . so they brought me an o'douls ... ... .never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i only visit akai hana when i am in town visiting a friend . to be honest , this little gem is one of the reasons why i love visiting her so much ! akai hana has a great happy hour with very good deals , a decent selection of sushi and hot appetizers . the rolls and sushi are abundant and fresh . i suggest the las vegas roll : it 's spicy and cream-cheesy . the staff is friendly and efficient . a definite bonus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tastiest and most affordable sushi in town . want a meal you will never forget ? start with a dynamite cucmber salad ( half size ) order the following : butter me up roll , marc roll , baked scallop roll , and any roll topped with eel . ask for a side of eel sauce to add character to any dish . ask about their happy hour sushi menu . why not 5 stars ? the food is delicious , sometimes they could use some help keeping up with all the satisfied customers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "out in west valley from denver for the week . was thinking there was no way to find good sushi in desert . was i wrong . the food here was very good , had a large variety of sashimi and nigiri . there nigiri was very diverse with many options over 20 rolls . i highly recommend the sashimi , nice portion sizes and great quality . talk to the server very helpful in letting us know what was best ( freshest ) fish . the night we were in , yellow tail and tuna was best . great service and a quaint atmosphere . great find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my bf and i go here for date night , it 's the freshest and best tasting sushi spot on the west side with reasonable prices ! i love everything i 've eaten here especially the rainbow roll . my bf enjoys the japanese curry with chicken . our go to spot ! they could use more staff though because they 're always busy and understaffed , need more waiters but all the waiters i 've had so far are great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fresh unique amazing japanese food , seriously everything here is just perfect , service is always friendly and fast , has great happy hour deals i come here at least once or twice every week . my favorite roll is the rainbow sushi roll but all the other ones are pretty good too . i 'd recommend this place if you want to get good sushi and good prices ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came during happy hour 8-10pm on a saturday . reviews are dead on for this place . wait staff was a bit inattentive , but was nice and food was served fast . four stars because the food was excellent ! it was also inexpensive . we had a salad and four different rolls . the bill was $ 26 ! ! ! all the rolls were beyond our expectations and when the bill came we could jump for joy ! this place is definitely worth checking out . cravable sushi . i recommend the kodiak roll ( that rocked ) , an el pollo roll -- also yummy ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is great . i have never been disappointed . this place is one of my favorites in the west valley . i am usually here at least 3 times a month , but let 's be honest , i have eaten here 3 times in a week . the only reason i 'm not giving 5 stars is because of the service . it can be very hit and miss ( more often hit than miss ... but it 's getting better ) . even when the service is n't that great , i can say they are always very kind . good food and friendly faces is a plus in my books ! ( my fave go to is the rainbow roll with soy paper and garlic ponzu ) . oh ! and you ca n't beat their happy hour which has a huge menu !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sushi place in arizona . i love it more than kabuki.. it taste better than anything ahso has to offer.. hmm it also beats tomo and the price is just right . my boyfriend and i come here all the time . maybe twice a week , i even remember a time coming three times a week . we 've only has sushi here so ... here it goes . the spicy yellow tail is to die for if you like raw fish . i love the dynamite salad filled with fresh cucumber and salmon , and octupus . yummmmy ... the pollo locco is so amazing and pretty-looking . hmm . the blue flame was great . the spicy tuna was spicy and yummy . their california rolls are huge . i have n't been dissatisfied with the food at all . the service may sometimes suck but it 's a-okay with me . give this place a try you wont regret it . happy hour is the best here . i do n't know why this place has a lower rating then expected . you must try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing sushi and apps that tasted very fresh ... and i am picky about sushi . incredible value and service . great big patio and good hh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going here for a while now . i think my fiance and i are battling it out for the duke dutchess crown for check-ins . the times we usually dine here are during happy hour reverse happy hour because the menu has a wide selection of some of their popular sushi rolls to their appetizer . the prices are great for their happy hour menu . i did notice when we went there last night that they raised some of the prices on the happy hour menu . we would normally order off the happy hour menu but decided to try something different . we tried two rolls from the wall menu and now it has become our favorite rolls . my fiance got the triple s and i got the scott snowbird . ( look at the north wall menu when you 're in there ) service is always great when we go , whether it 's with a party of 2 or a party of 15 people . the waiters there are always on top of it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the first time i went here , i do n't recall being impressed ... but almost a year later i 've returned and had an excellent meal . generous portions , great flavors . this is my favorite west valley sushi bar now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rated top 10 sushi for 2014 . this place is always on the `` best rated '' list . the food and services shows it . this is my favorite place in the valley to go for sushi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has a great happy hour . the sushi rolls are big , well priced , and taste delicious . my favorite rolls are blue flame , golden budda , las vegas , and rainbow . everyone i bring here loves the food . so far it 's the best sushi that i have had in az .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love this place ! ! so good ! the d-back roll is to die for . blue flame . spicy tuna . we always come back ! will be sad when we move away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for good quality sushi with affordable prices then this is definitely the place ! i 've been going here for almost 3 years and never had a bad experience . servers and sushi chef are all really friendly and attentive . i love that they have drawings and description of the sushi all over the walls , it 's very cute and a lot more fun too look at then the menu : ) highly recommended to everyone", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i love love love this place . we 're from california and we eat sushi a lot when we were there . when we moved to az 7 years ago we were in a hunt for some good sushi , i work in glendale and some sushi places there were ok but akai hana is for me the best . if you love raw fish , fresh with a great service , great price on happy hour and great atmosphere , i say this is the place . we will be coming back every other week - that 's how much we love this place . we sit at the bar all the time and the sushi chefs are very friendly . try the rainbow roll to taste the different kind of raw fish it 's so good . scotts snowbird is my other favorite . arigato !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was a little crazy at first ... when we walked in , we were n't greeted so were n't sure if we were to just find a seat or what ... we decided to sit at the bar and then it took a while for someone to hand us a menu and get our drinks . we were impressed with the amount of sashimi we got for the price ! would definitely go back . atmosphere is super casual and the rolls were really good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ever since moving from okinawa japan to goodyear arizona ( yes a huge move ) i have been looking for quality sushi that best comes to the real deal . i found akai hana about a year and a half ago and it is the best sushi place around . i go in at least 1-2 times a month and each time get great quality service from their staff . the food is delicious and i keep going back , happy hour is the busiest for obvious reasons , at times we have had to wait a bit for the orders but it is worth it for the food and price you get it at . even if you do not like sushi , they menu is quite extensive and like the sushi it is all great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best place for sushi fast friendly service ! ! ! i can always count on great authentic tasting food thank god it 's local . you 'll love this place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food here is really good no complaint there ! my only issue is that every time i 've gone in it has taken almost 10 minutes to be asked what we wanted to drink ! it 's hot in arizona !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sushi in town ! i have been to other sushi restaurants and nothing compares to akai hana . very fresh tasting fish and a wide variety of choices . if you go to happy hour , get there early because they get very busy , for a good reason . they have a friendly staff and great atmosphere . if you are in goodyear , there is no question that you should try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were excited to come here . what a disappointment . we ordered a apple sakitini long and island for drinks . they only brought the sakitini . all of our dinners came out but still waiting on the appetizer in the soup we ordered . we cancled the soup and monkey balls because we got our food first . food was good", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a review that was needed after many weekly visits at this location . this is my go to for sushi and japanese chicken curry . the main thing to point out is how traditional and polite the staff is , especially the sushi chefs . they have 2 televisions which usually have sports channels on which is a plus . the happy hour has great choices at amazing prices . but they also have many different types of sushi rolls posted around the walls of the restaurant . the place is small but comfortable and is a nice environment . what i would recommend is my usual which is the half dynamite salad , which is an assortment of different types of fish with a tangy sauce and strings of cucumber . and also the japanese curry which you can have either chicken or pork katsu . all in all i will be here as often as i already am !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we tried them all from surprise to peoria . this place in goodyear is the best . they actually have good rolls on the happy hour unlike other places that put the welfare rolls on the happy hour menu . try this place and you wo n't be disappointed ! update , the sushi chef named summer is n't there any longer . so it may suck now . lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tienen rollos realmente originales , me gusta mucho aunque es un lugar peque\u00f1o . el rollo de sushi my darling is amazing and originals !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the yellow tail and spicy tuna are excellent . the japanese dynamite salad was watery . overall an excellent lunch experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "favorite sushi place . was greeted immediately . sat at the sushi bar with my daughter , our order was taken immediately . started with the dynamite cucumber salad with albacore , love that they accommodate my request . my daughter ordered her california and shrimp tempura roll and really loves the size and taste . did i mention it 's happy hour during lunch ? prices for her rolls are 3.25 5.75 and 5.75 for the dynamite salad . will continue to come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not really a big fan of sushi unless it 's cooked . out of all the sushi spot here in our area this seem to be the best spot . reasonable prices and pretty good sushi . i do n't recall much since its been over a few months since i last ate there . note to self yelp immediately after the experience ! i do know this place gets very busy at night and weekends so be prepare to wait or come off peak hours to avoid the crowd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we usually go to another sushi place every week , but we thought we 'd give this place a try , since our friends love it . the service was good , they have a large menu , but 2 of the sushi rolls we got where okay and the other one was awful . we did n't make a big deal about not liking the third roll , but the sushi chef was kind enough to remove it from the bill . maybe we 'll try it again down the road , but for now we 'll have to pass .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food was good , but it 's almost as if none of the staff has any idea how to treat customers . we were seated after about 10 minutes at the door , and two tables who were seated after us were waited before us ? ! really ? ! do yourself a favor and give your business to uni in surprise .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is great . service is always good and the food and sushi is great . you get a lot of food for what you pay . if your in the mood for sushi in the west valley this is the place to come .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sushi is amazing and fresh ! the salad with caesar sesame dressing ! amazing . good service and nice atmosphere . casual . great weekend lunch deals til 4 ! ! ! ! great for a group of friends or just a lunch dinner date !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! of all the sushi places in town it feels most like an authentic sushi spot . i 'm all about hole in the wall palaces , family owned , and great quality good . this is definitely what it feels like . ( all three ) i also have a friend who is vietnamese and she herself told me this was the most authentic spot in town for sushi asian food . definitely check this place out for some good sushi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing happy hour ! best selection and totally affordable . their blue flame and las vegas roll are delicious ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad . impressed for where i 'm at in the country . very nice server with the slight language barrier . sure to be expected but make sure you get your order in right . i had a variety of items off the menu with family members tasting a bit of everything . everything was pretty good and there really was no let down . they close for a short period after lunch until dinner but it 's not too long . plenty of parking and on nice days , there 's patio seating to enjoy your meal outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i usually do not rate places this low . however , the service and food here was not great at all . we came here for lunch . after ordering our food , they brought everyone 's else 's in time , but mine . and all i ordered was a salmon roll and california roll ! i waited over 20 mins for my ordered to be served . ridiculous . a d on top of that the rolls were not great at all they were mushy , over spiced , not worth the wait . definetely not coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for 8 years . delicious and always fresh sushi not to mention the variety is terrific . place is cute and cozy , never problems with parking . oh and great happy hour ! my favorite sushi place for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was great but the service was horrendous , like close to the worst ever experienced . it literally took 45 min to get a simple seaweed salad and 1 hour 10 min to get my order . other customers came , ate and left before i was served . not sure what happened but someone really dropped the ball and did n't even notice or care .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went a bit after happy hour with a few friends . the server was quite nice and helpful at first but he was a tad forgetful . i mentioned a sushi roll to my friend since it looked interesting ( neither of us wanted to try it and told the server this ) but he brought it out anyway . he did not charge us for it though so that was alright . the main reasons for the low stars is that although the variety of sushi is great , they do n't make it that well . also the use of sesame seeds on top of every roll is unneeded . the soy sauce was bland and not the brand it said it was . also when one of my friends was eating their sushi roll they found a bone in their yellow tail . not an experience i wish to repeat . the only reason they get 2 stars is because the server was quite nice about everything .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very small corner restaurant . pretty good sushi . the have happy hour and a reverse happy hour daily . employees are friendly and will explain what is in the sushi . we had no problems with drink refills , as soon as they saw it was half they were filling it up . my only problem is that the tables outside were a tad dirty , they stack dirty dishes on a bench outside on a bench , and on the inside the window sills looked like they were never cleaned . little things like this make me question exactly how clean the kitchen is . i 've come here a couple times and the food has always tasted good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is marginally a-ok . the service was pathetic , we had to ask for water , napkins , and our bill . the waiter was either a newbie or had his mind elsewhere . the sushi was average , had better and had worse . probably wo n't be rushing back to this place , need to try a few other restaurants in the area . best food were the jalapeno poppers , the las vegas roll and the seasoned seaweed .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went during their happy hour and really enjoyed it . they have a a ton of different varieties , the sushi is fresh and light tasting . the ambiance is inviting , the happy hour prices are very reasonable , and the servers are attentive . this will definitely become one of my new favorite dinner spots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i am really surprised by the luke warm reviews , we love this place . we moved from hawaii a year ago , and miss fresh sushi , luckly we found akai hana ! we love the japanese firecracker salad , & the soft shell crab handroll . the service is friendly and fast ! to all you haters , stay away more for us ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was slow , but it 's no wonder - happy hour and they have one server ! this poor woman was running every where . she truly did her best and got everything to us correctly . unfortunately this was the second time dining here and the second time i was let down . i just find the food very bland - even my 10 year son noticed that our food was tasteless . i wo n't be giving it a third chance .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great sushi and happy hour prices make this place even more enjoyable . the service can get a little slow when this place gets busy but otherwise we have always received friendly and helpful service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our first time here and it was busy for 8:30pm on a sunday evening but we were seated right away and ordered quickly as they close at 9 . we sat at the bar and enjoyed watching them make our rolls . this place is spot on for happy hour . great food , great price and atmosphere made this family event awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! if i could give more stars i would ! ! ! best sushi in the valley that i 've tried so far !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best sushi place in phoenix ! love eating here ! we are frequent dinners . really remarkable ! now , the bad part ... some of the rolls are not good toy or any of my friends pallets . i believe they are guest designed , the bad ones i mean . the worst was named correctly ' the mistake ' . however 90 % of the menu seems to be spot on . a must if you like japanese food and are in the area ! itadakimasu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we do sushi everywhere we go when traveling . tried sushi throughout the valley also . high end and just good sushi places . i think akai hana is the best in the valley . some of the best prices and mr. sushi will make you just about anything you ask for . the rolls on the walls are usually customer created from my understanding . there are some great options that customers have come up . specials change all the time . happy hour is excellent with a huge selection of rolls , salads , apps and drinks . best in valley for sure . even regular priced rolls are very good and reasonably priced . i ca n't recommend it enough . he owns a place in phoenix on i-17 and northern also ... called akai hana , too . been in valley over 20 years i think they said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "better call sal ! i decided to give them one more shot years later after a crappy experience and i was treated well and taken care of by a sweetie by the name of sal . he was able to work a resolution out for me that worked for replacing all four of my tires .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i noticed i had a low tire on the way in to town so i looked for a discount tire and found one just down the street . in and out in less than two minutes . one of the reasons discount had been getting all my tire business for many years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast and courteous service . everyone here was very nice and eager to assist . i 'd b happy to come back to this location . i 've also been to the rancho store where also had great service . they fixed my flat for free . thank you discount tires !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch service from salvador ! ! ! he is the best ! ! i went around 3:30pm to replace my 4 tires , i get out 4:10pm not even 40 min i spent inside omg ! ! outstanding service ! ! ! everyone is very kind and friendly in there , i spend around $ 670 bucks but it was worth it ! ! i get the best tires in the market and i been informed with patience about the other brands , there was a bold and old guy in the counter somehow he seems grumpy but just ignore him people lol . if you go there try to get the service from anyone but not him if you do n't want to have a experience . good job guys ant thank you ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my tires were well overdue for replacement , with bald tread and cracks on the sidewalls . put $ 250 down on a full set of four tires and had the remaining $ 522.65 financed with their carcareone credit card . as long as i pay the entire balance off within 6 months , the charge wo n't incur any interest , so yay for credit building ! my purchase also qualified for a $ 30 mail-in rebate based on the brand of tires i bought and a $ 50 mail-in rebate for using the carcareone credit card to finance my purchase . tires were installed and i was out the door in less than 45 minutes . also purchased the certificate for refund , repair or replacement with my tires , so i wo n't have to worry about them for a long time . very satisfied with my experience , and intend to purchase from discount tire again in the future = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service is amazing ! i called ahead to check their prices on tire patching and to my surprise , they do it as a complimentary service . zak and dillon helped me out . they were so sweet and accommodating . turns out , the nail did n't even rupture my tire , it was just a small one that made itself fit in the crevice of the thread . awesome ! leaving a tip anyhow for their amazing customer service . happy camper : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed two rear tires , mine were 7 yrs old and about to give out . i did not wan to go to good year a year ago they charged me 400.00 for the two front tires . i went here this morning at 8am was greeted at the door with a huge good morning , would you like some coffee or water . never even got a hello at gy . i already knew how much the tires should cost , and they came in below that price . they also added the warranty in case i get a flat or pick up a nail or something . they will replace the tire . all the people working there were knowledgeable and courteous . if i need tires again in the future this is where i will go . great service , i was out of there in 30 minutes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have good price and normally do n't take all day and normally have everything in stock . but for the last couple months i 've had to stop at least once a month to get air in my tires because the notification light kept coming on . and every time i went i mentioned that it was awfully odd that i had i keep getting air in the same tire but the response from the service technician filling my air was oh sometimes tires deflate . finally the third time going in to get air i asked again what could be the issue and he said oh there 's a nail in your tire we fix them for feee but it 's going to be like 3 hours if you want to wait . the most annoying part is having to ask every single time if someone would check my tire but no one would .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they are super desperate to have you purchase new tires no matter what the cost is ! ! ! tell them you will think about the tires and you will shop around ! they will but in to discourage it . a man came in and said he was going to go shop at sams club for tires after being asked where he was shopping , and they bashed the company of why it 's not as good as them . be aware of the warranty with this place ... it 's something to read ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "discount tires continue to lose my tire bolts and replaces it with the ones they have . a ugly jagged bolt that throws my rims off ... they did it one time without letting me know . i let it slide ... . but the second time is ridiculous . at least let me know ... be sure to check your rims for any dings ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had a nail in my tire . they could not be repair the tire , but the changed they inspected the tire and changed to the spare wheel for free . very helpful guys and nice people . refreshing.. i had to take the tire back to where i purchased for the warranty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just replaced 4 tires on my car . jim there explained me everything i need to know about what exactly happened ! he should me all the best threads and help me pick out my new tires ! great service ! great prices ! very professional !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sal here is great ! i can always count on him for the right advice and great prices . would n't buy tires anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the most reliable place in town . i had a run flat tire that 5 other places as firestone big o tiers etc tried to sell me 2 tiers for 1000 $ ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this place repaired it for free ! ! great service definitely recommended ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attempted to get my tires rotated and i know my front tires were a little bald . one the staff there refused to rotate my tires unless i buy new ones . they will not get more business from me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "woke up one morning and needed 4 new tires . came to this location specifically because of the yelp reviews . i was not disappointed . sal was my salesperson , and although he 's embarrassed at the yelp shoutouts , he was great to deal with . just a really nice guy who does his job really well . they had to get the tires from another location , so i just left the car . they called me to pick it up and everything was perfect . although needing to get new tires at the last minute is n't fun for anyone , this was a painless experience . the store has plenty of parking and is spotless .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "relaxed business , employees are pretty chill . tom helped me out and gave me some good information and answers to my questions . gave me some recommendations about replacing my tires but did n't push it on me . the main waiting room is open , well air conditioned , music overhead was n't too loud or annoying . chairs were comfortable enough to sit in for an hour or so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never experienced anything but friendly and helpful service every time i 've been to either this location or charleston & rainbow . i promise i 'm not a shill , but when they try and upsell you the tire warranty , do it . it was only $ 40 ( if i remember right ) , but was probably the best investment i 've ever made . any time i get a flat , i bring the car in and they either fix it for free in less than an hour , or replace the tire for just ten bucks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in to get 4 brand new tires and staff was really nice . problem was when i got my car my custom white ribs were all scratched ! ! for you guys that have rims know it 's not cheap ! ! to see that after waiting forever made fumes come out of my ears ! they said they would reimburse me $ 125 per rim but now i have to find the time to fix them ! they did n't even tell me they scratched them lucky i looked myself ! ! always look at your car before leaving !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here quite often . often enough that i obviously do n't take care of my tires well enough to avoid tire issues every few months . haha each time has been quality customer service with the help of ross and one other guy ( i ca n't recall his name ) . they get me in and out as soon as possible . today i replaced two rims and a new tire which would have been $ 330-something but with the warranty i forgot i had , it turned out to be $ 270-something . warranty is useful for frequent visitors like me , i guess . haha saving 50 $ is always a plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience after being towed there for a blowout on i-15 ( referred by knight performance ) . they replaced all four of my tires in less than an hour on a busy tuesday morning , were friendly and courteous throughout , and told me honestly that i did not need new rims or a new tire for my old spare . they gave me a great deal on the tires and quick service - would use them and other locations again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed to fix one of my pax tires , looking for a place that can do it i saw a review here that said they fix those tires , so i called yesterday to ask , the person who answered my call said they do that , he even ask for what brand of tires and what car it was , so i said ok i 'll probably go tomorrow . so i called today to check if i needed to make an appointment . kyle answered the phone and when i told him that i wanted to make and appointment to fix my pax tire he said they do n't do it , told him i called yesterday and he said they do n't fix those tires . when i called the first time the guy said they do it for free . i was n't looking for a free repair . good thing i called before going . i already had a bad experience with this tire chain on a different store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got a screw in our tire and had to have it repaired . this is a service that they provide for free . and they aired up all of our tires . we were pleased at `` free '' but the customer service was awesome and we were in and out in 30 mins ! definitely wo n't go anywhere else from now on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my vette needed new tires so i had to place a special order with discount tire . i have been a loyal customer of dt for years . their employees are friendly , courteous and very knowledgeable . the only reason for my 4 star is the glitch ordering my tires . i was told 3 days . i went back after 3 days and only 1 set had arrived . i asked why , since they were all coming from palmdale . seems like someone screwed up my order . they did overnite the missing set for me . they also apologized for their mistake , which i accepted . i still would recommend them though . however , no 5 star rating on this visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the guys are amazing here ! ! especially sal hes super helpful ! ! thank god they are fixing my tire for free ! they are more than helpful and kind ! ! if you have a problem with your tires and are in las vegas i would definitely come here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was greeted right away by kyle and was helped fast . he did n't try to sell me something i did n't need . i will be coming back here for my tire services . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a flat tire heading to vegas the tire was not reparable and these guys have exact same one i bought in california from america 's tire store . these guys were very friendly and priced competitively i would come back but hope i wo n't need to", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made appointment online for 4:15 for rotation and balance , showed up a couple minutes after 4:00 . only waited a minute til i was greeted and gave them my keys . my car was taken back at 4:49p and done at 5:11 . busy shop but they are always hustling to get you in and out asap . customer service was great- just not enough employees it seems . other than very long wait for 15 minute job- good experience- just make sure you have plenty of time to read magazines !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't often write reviews like this , but i really want to show my gratitude to dillon , the store manager , and jacob , one of the employees at the store . i came in with a flat tire and the guys fixed it with no questions asked , and did it for free moreover . i was in a bind not being from vegas and i needed to get back to los angeles and they took care of me . i will now buy tires from discount tires because of the professionalism and courtesy shown by dillon and jacob . thanks guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are real professionals . on vacation with the family , i noticed a leak on one tire . these guys fixed the leak no charge and rotated my tires because they noticed uneven wear absolutely free . clean restrooms and clean attitude . these guys dont just sell rubber , they are also responsible for your safety . the excellent service i received here gave me peace of mind knowing my family would be safe for the long drive back to la from vegas . thank you manager and team .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very happy with the service and pricing at discount tire . they were able to install new tires in my suv in less than 30 minutes . appreciated the technical information regarding tire selection and the importance of regular rotation . was referred to them by my mechanic and was very glad for it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did a review and noticed it has disappeared . it was critical of this location and you do say it is an ad sponsor of yours . you do say that a sponsor can not pull an ad . i just wondered what happened to my review of how i was treated at this company location . i do see that the personnel i had a problem with ( fernando ) is not mentioned in any review here so i assume that location changed their assistant manager ( fernando ) and their manager ( mike ... who did help me ) . i see different names in the reviews now so maybe the prior reviews were taken seriously by the upper management of this company . that is a good thing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i frequent this tire shop to have my air pressure checked once a month since the air gets lowered by all the speed bumps in vegas . today i woke up to find my front passenger tire was flat . i threw on the spare & headed to to this location where john was able to get the tire fixed . while i was there they suggested i get a tire rotation which was free of charge . i 've never had any issues at discount tire & that 's why i will continue to support their business", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are always friendly and always helpful . i really never write reviews , but i felt compelled to spread the word . good customer service and good management . thanks , guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dillion was great he got right on to get my car taken care of and he was fast . very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great company . discount and america 's tire have always taken great care of me and my family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here twice for tires in my 4x4 truck . excellent service and got my tires installed in no time . techs are fast , everyone was professional . helped with every question i had and i got the price i wanted on quality tires . i definitely recommend using this discount tire for all your tire needs . ohhh also they repair flats for free if you need it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was very friendly . did n't take long at all to get my tire replaced . the best part is , i paid a lot less here than anywhere else ... ever ! ! and its a goodyear z rated tire . not a piece of crrap no name llantas place that you do n't know if they retreaded your tire or what not . reputable dealer with good quality products . fast , friendly , and very affordable . i paid $ 50 less at discount tire for a comprable tire sold at sam 's club .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sal was one hell of a guy . very friendly and informative . helped me to pick out the right ( budget friendly ) tires and even made a legitimate long term recommendations on how to be more fuel effective on my prius , backed with detailed mathematical support ! it was a first for me , someone who went above and beyond , just to be helpful . would totally come back just because of him . ( tip : do n't come after 5pm even made an appointment . i came back for a second time while sal was out . with an appointment , i waited in line as if i was a walk-in . as much as a not-so-happy returning customer , still do n't want to discount the efforts from the guys )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after visiting a couple other wheel stores in the area , on a hunch i stopped by the discount tire store on jones blvd . and i am glad i did ! i was looking to buy some new wheels for my car and to be honest , i was n't anticipating buying them and having them put on my car on the same day , but that is exactly what happened . i was fortunate enough to work with jeff , the store manager and this gentleman was nothing but class , patient and did everything he could to ensure i was happy with the wheels i selected . it was all about me and not about what they wanted me to buy . we went through approximately 25 different wheel styles before finding the ones that i wanted and not once did he come across as impatient . thank you for exceeding my expectations and for earning a customer for life ! i will be telling my friends and colleagues about your store if the need arises for tires and or wheels !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drove in on a friday morning after my drive in from la the previous day , finding that my rear drivers side tire had deflated ( construction everywhere ! ) . not a good way to start vegas . jared came out to meet me within 30 seconds to survey situation . found the hidden nail puncture and since i had bought the replacement warranty ( $ 17 vs new $ 120 that was less than a year old ) , no problem to replace with a new , exact match , since patching was suspect . waited less than an hour to complete , had bottled water , coffee , and a good read from their magazine collection.re-purchased warranty and hit the strip to a great time in sin city ! out in ca look for america 's tire which is discount tires affiliate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nick is really nice & helpful . he fixed a previous issue for me . just wanted to say thank you to him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best tire buying experience of my life . i called about a set of tires at 12:30 pm that were on special order and not available at the store . fernando was very helpful in ordering them and assured me they 'd arrive by mid-afternoon . i was skeptical , but he delivered right on time , 3 hours later . i came into the store at 5 and the tires , paper work , and rack were already waiting for me . what 's even more impressive is that the store was pretty busy , and they still managed to do the prep work . the car was done 30 minutes later and it drives like new again . best prices , and more importantly , best service in town . as long as i live in vegas , i 'm coming to this discount tire .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place to buy or have your tires check . its fast service and friendly people . good customer service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "does n't do tire alignment . seriously ? your name is discount tires , you sell them , you install them , you rotate them , you switch them from front to back , but you do n't align them and i have to go somewhere else ? i probably should 've went somewhere else to begin with then .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to discount tires after one terrible week . i had gotten into two car accidents , one was a hit and run and the other claimed i hit him . my one tire popped after riding on the curb , and the second one was ready to pop . just put this on a list of other things not going right with my car . zak was the one who helped me with my tires , he was so kind and just listened as i told him about all the my car drama . he then told me about the person who last put on the tires put on the wrong size , and also about my rim . he told me things that no other mechanic would have told me , or did tell me before . usually i get taken advantage of at these place , but this time i was the one who received the best service and best price . zak truly went above and beyond , and i am so grateful for his kindness and help . thank you zak ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had brought my car into another company for the past couple of weeks for tire issues and still did not feel safe driving my car . i would be driving back home in a few days ( from vegas to sacramento ) and my gut just kept telling me to get a second opinion on my tires . everyone at my job recommended discount tires . i arrived and told them about the issue with 1 tire and they looked at them all . they found a nail and noticed that i had a slow leak in one of the tires ( not the same one i had been having issues with ) . thank goodness for discount tire . i was in and out in 15-20 minutes and i had peace of mind during my long drive home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by here to get my tires rotated and balanced since it was due for one . this place was super busy when i stopped by on a saturday afternoon , but they got my car in and out within 30 mins despite the amount of cars sitting there . the employees were courteous as always and explained the work that was completed when it came time to pick it up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service . guys were friendly and they price matched just like they said they would !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wanted to thank everyone at discount tire , especially justin and his manager on how they treated my neighbor . she had her wallet stolen the day she had spoke with them about getting tires for her van . of course , once she realized it was gone , she knew that meant she would have to wait to get her tires . being elderly , she had saved for several months to be able to make her tire purchase . that evening jason called her not knowing that her wallet had been stolen and she explained to him the situation . he told her to bring her van in and her would take care of getting the tires for her . today , she went to discount tires and they installed her tires for her . they went way over and above they duty to a customer and they made my friend very happy though a difficult time . fortunately , police have been able to identify the person who took her wallet . thank you again so much for all you did for her , it is so good to see her so excited !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow what an awesome experience ! ! ! the guys at discount tire repaired my tires rebalanced them and torqued the wheel nuts to specifications all for free ! ! now that 's definitely a way to gain customers because i know i 'm going back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "discount tire has all of my business , jeff is the bomb , great customer service . every time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the worst service by store manager frank . wanted to get my tires balanced and tire pressured checked but got nothing done and i have all 4 of my tires from discount tires ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place knows how to treat customers . they repaired the flat on my girlfriends new car at no charge . you can bet i 'm going to tell everybody i know to shop at discount tire . thanks for restoring faith in american business ! that 's right tire fixed and balanced in 5 minutes or less . first time i 've been shocked but good customer service . jeff did n't pass the buck either he did the work himself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are not enough good things i can say about this company as a whole . i 've been a loyal customer since i got my first car ( and my parents before that have been too ) . not only are they extremely knowledgeable , they just always take care of you , they care about your safety and they just use the best practices overall . i wish there were more locations sometimes , haha , but that still is a non issue because they have descent hours and always have quick service . i stopped in for my free tire pressure check today and pulled right in , was approached right away , the guy told me my tires were a little too full of air ( i got an oil change last week at my dealership , which they check ) . i 'm so glad i got my email reminder to stop in because otherwise i would have never thought two things about it ! thank you discount tire ! ! ! ! you 're the best and have a loyal customer in me ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would 've been 5 stars but they started on my vehicle 30 minutes after my appointment time . very friendly , very professional and i was happy with the customer service . if they could narrow down the gap between the appt time and when they start on a vehicle they 'll be doing great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've always had a good experience here . the staff is very knowledgeable at this location . i live down the street from the blue diamond one but they never have a clue when i 'm asking them questions about tires or what products they have in stock . the staff here knows everything i ask about and are always courteous and friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tire shop , my go-to when referring non-car savvy people to get a tire repair . these guys tell it straight , and do n't try to sell you blinker fluid or any other nonsense . the warranty program is excellent , i 've had more than a few completely destroyed tires replaced courtesy of their certificate . plus , free flat repair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in today hoping to fix a flat , my new tire was not fixable had to be replaced . i definitely want expecting this added expense being so close to christmas . the manager jeff here saw or overheard my frustration and offered me an amazing deal he went above and beyond to take care of me . he also made sure the deal included certificates on all my tires for future issues . thank you for not letting me leave with a spare . thank you for taking the time to notice me and show concern . merry christmas too you guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been going to this store for years ! took my car & daughter 's car today to replace our tires . frank , the store manager , has been very helpful & accomodating . thank you for your great service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are young men doing a proffesional job . fixing flats for free with great service . i have bought tires here before and i will do it again . 5 stars ? yes , all 5 . thanks guys , keep up the good work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . came in for a new set of wheels and tires , justin is who helped me out with everything that i needed . he explained everything and showed me the wheels and tires i wanted before putting them on so i can see for myself what great quality they were . very honest work . when you leave , you leave with peace in mind ! definitely would be back and will recommend anybody in need of tires to justin here at discount tires .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i flew out to ca to pick up my car last week , stopping to have my mechanic give it the once over.i called to arrainge tires for my land rover.i spoke with jeff , who took care of everything.i arrived at 9 am , and they had me straight in the bay.a cup of coffee later , i was on my way.jeff recommended the newest bf goodrich t a radials for my car.they are the best ! i can not say enough of how professional ( sal ) they all were ! and took 100 off my bill for cash ! thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "extremely pleased that discount tire went above and beyond in my opinion and saved my day from being totally ruined . i started my day going to my car , and had a flat ... ok . went to my trunk , spare tire was flat ... uggghhh . had to call tow truck , and get my car towed to discount tire on jones . long story short i had a nail in my tire , they fixed the tire and also re-inflated my spare.. and when i was called to the counter to complete my transaction , i was told it was free ... . i was speechless . if i had known that i would have had cash on me to tip the poor guy who serviced my tires ... so grateful . i will now purchase all of my tires from them from now on for this remarkable act of generosity . thanks again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good service , they fixed me wheel for free ! ! ! thank you very much . of course i 'll come back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "another great discount tire store . the service is fantastic , and kyle was super helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast , efficient and knowledgeable . friendly service and a professional staff . they showed me the things my other tire shop had missed and gave me good options . thanks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great tire store . ross , the manager , is extremely professional : knows his products and takes great care of his customer . i got a very good price on new pirellis- cheaper than the dealer . would not go anywhere else", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was great ! ! ! ! ! special thanks to rob for working with us to get the best pricing for tires ... thank you for your patience ... . highly recommend this location for service ! ! ! ! ! they really care about their customers ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started using house spouse in july 2013 after my former house cleaner 's services had been deteoriating for months . i should have switched companies ages ago ! not only do the hs cleaners do a very thorough , conscientious job addressing all of my home 's common areas and under the beds living room furniture , casey provides meticulate customer service to ensure the service meets my family 's standards . moreover , hs is so reasonably priced , i do n't feel guilty having my home cleaned regularly . i look forward to them coming every month ! another nice touch is casey 's personal follow up after each cleaning to ascertain nothing was overlooked . he even offered to come back to my home himself to address any issues , if need be . it is evident he takes a great pride in his company , and it shows in the quality of its service . i highly recommend house spouse as a regular addition to any household .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a young professional that does n't want to spend anytime dealing with my pool or cleaning my house , this service is the best . paying one bill for multiple services is so convenient . their customer service is a step above - my experience has been top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was advised that hiring someone to help with house cleaning is cheaper than marriage counseling . so it feels totally appropriate that this business is named house spouse . its easy to schedule service , the cleaners show great attention to detail , and the gentleman who runs the ship goes out of his way to make sure that we are satisfied with the work . how nice it is to not clean my own toilet ! what a reasonably priced luxury ! what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently hired house spouse to clean our house every other week and was really happy with the results ! ! there cleaner did a wonderful job - getting all the books and crannies including my baseboards ! i highly recommend their services", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately i can not give them a good review as though i first received good service via good communication 2 weeks prior of them establishing a schedule , service and pricing for both move in cleaning ( i just closed on the house ) and then every other week cleaning along with weekly pool service they cancelled the first session 1.5 hours from the scheduled time which was at 1:30pm . the only option was for them to try to reschedule later the following week . with furniture being delivered the next day , plus i already departed work to meet them at my house this put me in a bind and not only did i not receive an apology when i cancelled their service but they only thing they could ask is if i still wanted the pool service ... .. really ? ? ? ? very disappointing", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you would think a `` deep cleaning '' would include mopping the bathrooms , scrubbing the shower tub and wiping down the doors but maybe they forgot . for the price they charge i would not recommend this service to anyone . if you do give them a try i highly suggest you request a written copy of the quote so you know what all you 're paying for . specify if you need certain appliances to be cleaned . do n't assume they will do it just because they have two people cleaning your house for 4hrs . the one good thing i can say is that they showed up on time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love house spouse ! very reliable and thorough house cleaning for a reasonable price . their personnel are friendly and courteous , and they always leave a thank you note , which is such a nice touch . check out their website to see how this business has been recognized with several `` best of '' designations . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "house spouse so wonderful ! been using for several years . professional and friendly . crystal does an amazing job on my house ! i would recommend to family and friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i interviewed this business to take over my vacation home rentals in scottsdale . kim and her crew jumped right in and have been doing such an amazing job . my condos are spotless and kim is a pleasure to work with . i ca n't tell you how hard it is to find quality , reliable people so i feel super blessed to have found house spouse . a+++++", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been pleased with the service i 've received from house spouse thus far . management first came to visit the home with the cleaner crystal to set expectations for my twice monthly service and has since been very responsive to questions and or feedback . most of this high rating is a result of crystal my cleaner being stellar . she has been on time , courteous , trustworthy and has an eye for the details . a cleaning service should make your life easier and that is indeed what crystal and house spouse has provided me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after my rather knee-jerk reaction a while back , i need to amend my review . i was desperate , i did n't hear back right away , i had guests coming , my prior cleaners cancelled for a second time for failing health . i kind of lost it publicly . not my style . jenais contacted me - was most courteous and professional ! i apologized for my poor manners . we set a date . the work done was fantastic ! i am more than pleased and can only second all the other fine reviews i had read here , and will happily recommend house spouse to all my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had house spouse for the past few years and they have done a good job for us . crystal in particular has done a tremendous job cleaning our house ! they are professional and reasonably priced . i would recommend their services to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this service is amazing . all of the girls are well trained and prompt . the management is fantastic and they always make sure to take care of your needs . i absolutely would n't recommend anyone else then house spouse to clean your home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "house spouse has surpassed my expectations in a home cleaning company ! i am so happy to have found them . they are timely , reliable , detail-oriented and affordable . we have been through a number of different home cleaning companies since moving to phoenix and feel like we have finally found the one to build a long-standing relationship with . it is so important to feel comfortable with the individuals we allow into our homes and lives and because the owner of this company is so accommodating and professional , it has trickled down to all of her awesome employees . i highly recommend this company to come and make your lives easier , and cleaner : - ) too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "house spouse is a wonderful cleaning service that i will continue to use ! ! ! i initally contacted them because they offer both house cleaning service as well as carpet cleaning . they did a fabulous job in a timely manner . i came home to a tidy and fresh smelling home . i have two dogs and the carpet cleaning was very well done . casey is very professional and they can accommodate any of your cleaning needs . call them today !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am glad i found house spouse and allie ! ! ! ! and you will be too ! stop looking for who 's going to help you keep your house clean ! you found them ! i was thrilled that allie cleans at the same level of perfection that i do . and my floors were immaculate ! not only so , but everyone there is professional , responsive and so pleasant to be around . you hit the jackpot when you hire these folks ! ! ! ! ! what are you waiting for ? call them right now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am thrilled with the terrific service i received . my previous service from another company was underwhelming to say the least . lots of areas missed , including under the beds . the cleaners from house spouse were much more diligent and really tackled the areas missed by the other house cleaning service . i also had house spouse service my pool - it is finally free of algae . the rates charged for various services are extremely competitive with other cleaning companies and house spouse does a much better job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! terrible service from this place . ca n't believe i still went after seeing all of the previous reviews . i told the manager robert that i have an `` unlocked '' iphone 5s that i would like to switch over to att . i confirm with the 800 number with att before going into the store that i will be able to port over . i told robert that att on the phone said we can setup new service with an unlocked 5s phone . he immediately said in a sarcastic voice `` that 's great , however you are wrong '' . i asked him sincerely not to speak to me in a childish tone and to be professional . very upsetting to say the least bc i called att again to confirm . finally i said just try and see what happens . they seems pretty ticked off bc they felt like they were right . turns out att 800 was right and so was i . everything worked and believe me i let them know .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beware ! ! ! ! the manager robert is the biggest loser out there ! ! ! he brags about how much money he makes to his customers ! amazing how at & t would have a guy like this run a store ! my dad is a general store manager of a nissan store and robert continually bragged about how much more money he makes then my dad ! then get this ! he kicked out an 80 year old lady because she was upset about her phone bill going up $ 30 .. ridiculous ! ! ! ! lied to us about the payoff on the phone saying it was $ 210 when it was only $ 174 .. my dad said we could go to a different store if he was going to talk to us like that , and he said `` yeah maybe you should because we are all out of phones '' ! ! ! and told us to leave and go to gilbert and german ( btw have the best friendly service there ) .. highly recommended not going to this store , if you do be prepared to be screwed over .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a joke ! ! i went in to this store three times to purchase a projector and the first time they were too busy , the second time they said the devices were overheating and they could n't sell any , the third time , after saying they could sell it over the phone , i went to purchase it outright and they said they could not sell it without any kind of service and even if i ordered it online and it was to be picked up at their store they would cancel it ! really ? ? ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst att store around . the manager in particular is so rude and has no ability to offer customer service . do not sign up at this store unless you want to get screwed over with a lousy contract . they are only out for the money and have no customer service and this is lead by the manager of the store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you jeff for your wonderful customer service . he explained everything in detail to us , calculated what our payment would look like and made the process of switching services from verizon easy and quick .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service ! lauriann helped me out with an upgrade to my phone . she was very thorough and help to me with an installation of an accessory in my car . they were very busy when i walked in , but was still able to accommodate me with my time restraints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought that i had been to the chip '' before but , not so fast ... food with integrity oh my what happened ? integrity adherence to moral and ethical principles ; soundness of moral character ; honesty.. they throw stuff on a burito shell charge you $ 10.00 i am not a cheap person.. but taco bell with a burto supreme would have been alot better . even with mystery meat . i see pretty high stars for a i think 92 health rating .. see my pictures if you want a burito do not go here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm not sure i understand why chipotle is all the rave . as far as i 'm concerned , there are quite a few quick , cheap burrito places ( try phat burrito on camden , for instance ) that are far superior to chipotle , but what do i know ? i guess people like the chain , the familiar , the boring , the reliable . and that 's what chipotles are . this chipotle is no different : same menu , same basic layout . this is n't really a bad thing , i guess : it 's super clean , super spacious , and pretty nice overall for a fast-food chain type establishment . you can even eat your meal here and not feel gross depressed . and the food 's not that bad , although allegedly it 's really unhealthy , so be aware of that . i enjoy their plain chicken burrito , though it 's pretty unextraordinary . you know what you 're gon na get , and it 's pretty good . but you can do better . trust me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chipotle is great ! i enjoy going through the line and telling the chipotle employee what i want and watching him her make my burrito . i especially like this location . they are open until 10pm and even when you walk in minutes before they close , you are greeted with positive attitudes and big smiles ! trust me , i 've gone in many late nights to prove this . they make huge burritos with delicious ingredients ! the chips have a nice , zesty salty and lime flavor ... mmmm . if you want fast , inexpensive , and delicious and not `` fast food , '' try this chipotle .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food . efficient staff . spacious seating . clean bathrooms . parking lot and entry exit from shopping center is a pain . definitely worth a visit , especially given the wealth of vegetarian options .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a great location . whilst driving southward and in need of a burrito bol , burrito , gratuitous amounts of guac , or any combination of the aforementioned , this is a great location . staff ? eh , they 're friendly for the most part . efficient at the very least . only con : entering the shopping center driving south on providence or towards southpark on sharon amity . forget about it . you 're either going to wreck your freshly polished range rover or back up traffic for a quarter mile . do yourself a favor and choose the opposite of the two . you 'll save yourself a headache and also commence burrito consumption much faster .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dear chipotle , thank you for stealing my money and giving me mediocre tacos and calling it `` food '' . i am highly disappointed and will never again walk through your doors . you are extremely overpriced and have a very measly menu . the only reason why i gave you two stars instead of one ? your guacamole . p.s . you have bad service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come to this chipotle about once a week - usually get pretty fast and friendly service . never had a problem with anything i 've ordered - food is always fresh and they make it exactly as i ask for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so this is the 2nd chipotle restaurant i 've been in . i was shopping in the area and decided to stop here and give it another try . first plus , it was 2pm and it was n't busy . i hate standing in line . 2nd plus ... they have a list of popular menu option as you enter the door and then a large menu with large print above the prep station ( wish qdoba would take a lesson here ) . so i went with one of those popular menu choices - a fajita burrito . i have to say , i was actually impressed with the flavors . the hot salsa left my lips tingling which is a good thing with me . the chicken , peppers and onions had great flavor mixed in with the guac and lettuce . i 'm still not impressed with the decor of chipotle - cheap looking tables and chairs with metal walls that make me think i 'm in a metal shop somewhere . but the food made a better impression on me this time around and i think i 'd probably try chipotle again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love chipotle , so i 'm biased . this location has some inconsistent service , with high turnover . a bit tricky to get in and out of parking lot , but worth it if you 're headed to uptown from south clt", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love chipotle , i use to work for chipotle , and after the recent e. coli issue i still ate there eating a bowl every week . it 's because of this i say there is nothing that makes my trip to this chipotle worse than stale chips . it 's for this they will only get a two-star review . this is not a once in a while issue ... this is an every single time i visit this location issue .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service . staff rushed my kid to decide what he wanted on his burrito , and was rude to the rest of us . the chicken tasted smoky . wo n't go back as it is not as good as other chipotles in charlotte area .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "rude . poor customer service leading to a bad atmosphere . nobody smiling and could n't understand what they were saying . i only gave them stars because i love chipotle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very disappointed . came at 2pm when lunch rush was over . all the meat options looked so dried out so i asked to sample them ... . they all were tough and dry . i said hello to the you lady at the counter but she did not even look at me . she continued to make her own personal tacos and i had to wait until someone else came to take my order . i then had to wait for the young lady who was making her own food to ring me up . she clearly was not on a personal break yet and it was clear she did n't want to be there . wish they wore name tags so i could let you know the other lady name who assistrd me who wad not rude . quality and customer service should happen all the time not just during a busy lunch time", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always friendly staff greeted with a smile . nice to have outdoor seating . location has a convenient parking deck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do n't entirely understand the low ratings for this location . if you are grabbing a bite from chipotle you are likely starving for some mexican fast-food and need it fast . this is not the restaurant at the ritz . i 've had lunch here several times . service , food quality and taste are reliable . my go-to is the steak salad or burrito . keep up the good work with cleanliness , food quality and service consistency . cleanliness is definitely key at any food-serving establishment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always love a good bowl from chipotle , but this particular chipotle just did n't quite cut it . of course you 're always going to have different experiences anywhere you go , but the meat here was super dry , looks like it 's been sitting in the bucket for hours . i actually came here twice back to back , still looked like it did the other day . the lady serving me looked annoyed taking my order and when i finally went to ring up my order , another lady from the kitchen came around to the front standing next to me , practically shouting and digging through the `` tip '' jar commenting where the rest of the tips are at . and of course took the tip money with her and left . this happened on both days i was here , not joking .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food : 2 out of 5 below chipotle standards , in terms of food , and the details are missed . for example , the fajitas are horribly overcooked and the line food just does n't look good . customer service : 1 out of 5 walked up with no line and it still took 2 minutes for someone to notice me , another minute to find someone to serve me and another minute for that employee to put gloves on . cleanliness : 4 out of 5 line looks clean and tables are regularly wiped down . manager seems to be the only person doing it though . overall : 2 out of 5 other than the manager , no one on the crew appears to want to be there and it shows . the problem is that the closest alternative location , southpark mall , really shorts you on the portions .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i got food poisoning from this location on 11 12 16 at 5:30pm . be careful of you choose to eat here . however on a positive note when i reached out to management today there were helpful and filed an incident report with their corporate office and said that this means a city health inspector will come out to inspect the site . be careful eating here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was a chipotle lover when i live in the twin cities . i was super excited to find out that there was one less then 10 minutes from where i lived when i moved to the southpark area . i know many people go there for their burritoes , but i go there for their soft tacos . i always get the steak and i love that everything is so fresh from the meat to the veggies . i always get mines super hot and their salsa 's will do just that ! if you want quality tacos and burritos i suggest going to chipotle and not taco bell ! its a little more pricer but its definately worth it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fast service . new location . and exceeds the high expectation set by chipotle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love chipotle and have always had a good experience however i did not at this location . unfortunately , i experienced horrible customer service . the workers did not even acknowledge that we were there until we said something . we finally received our guacamole and chips after several minutes of waiting . the lady behind the counter had the worst attitude . we asked a question and instead of giving us a nice reply she just shook her head . i am very disappointed with this location because it gives a horrible reputation to chipotle .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always great & efficient service at this location ! i know that chipotle is a typical franchise restaurant , but i really like the quality of the food here . tasty , fresh and can be made healthy . the locations i have been to in charlotte have very friendly and efficient service . i 'm a fan of the burrito bowl . that way you can really mix the ingredients into a perfect bite every time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this chipotle pleasantly surprised me last night . i 've learned that if you go to any chipotle past 8pm on a weeknight , or 6:30 pm on a weekend , they will be out of at least 3 ingredients . however , the man at the register who checked me out for my online pick up order was so nice and offered me a bogo coupon for my next visit . no chipotle has done that to me before ( & i frequent at chipotle ) . he also did it to the man in front of me . great customer service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best darn chipotle ever ! seriously . i have occasionally visited this place in the past couple months and was at first blown away by how nice the employees were and how clean everything was . second time , same thing ! i have been there about 5 times now and have never been let down . i have been to quite a few chipotles in my day and would consider most of them to be 3 's , some 2 's , a couple rare 4 's , however the people here really make a difference . they deserve some sort of chipotle award or other such accolades .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love chipotle and give their food 5 stars . however , this location has to be the worst in charlotte . it clearly suffers from a lack of good management . employees are consistently unpleasant and seemingly can not be bothered to regularly maintain the cleanliness of the dining area . i think it 's safe to say that i am done with this location for now .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if i lived closer to this chipotle location , i 'd go here all the time . of course , the food is exactly the same as the south boulevard chipotle ( which i frequent at least once a week ) , but this location is just much larger and has an adequate number of tables to meet the demand 's of the lunch crowd . not having to sit crammed next to someone else makes it a much more enjoyable experience . as for my favorite food there , i tend to go with the chicken burrito bol . mm . so good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "chipotle is awesome . it 's a chain so there 's consistency . one aspect intriguing about this location is the quantity of food they give you is lacking . small scoops of everything you ask for . but still great food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food was fine . the service was fine . i was disappointed with the fact that despite a posted sign to the contrary , when asked about where to recycle our glass bottles , the woman at the counter said , `` we do n't recycle . '' really ? !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i would have given thus place a 5 star but the truth of the matter is that mollys in chicago is the best cupcake shop . i liked that they have an ice cream or sorbert and cupcake combo . this makes for a perfect dessert date where you can share a dish . if you are in the old montreal area , then you should stop by and get a treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have heard of les glaceurs and my friends have raved about their cupcakes and ice cream . i have dying to try their ice cream since they sell le bilboquet ice cream . it was very hard to decide what flavour i should get because they had so many ! ! i ended up deciding with red velvet ice cream . it was delicious and very creamy ! there were chunks of cream cheese and crumbled red velvet cupcake . their cupcakes also looked very good as well ! i have tried their chocolate cupcake at the robert bourassa location , but it was n't that great . maybe this location has better cupcakes ? tips : free wifi , stamp card , lots of seating and a chalkboard wall you can write on !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service rapide malgr\u00e9 le monde le d\u00e9cor est vraiment sympa malheureusement mon sorbet orange sanguine \u00e9tait cristallis\u00e9 et la cr\u00e8me glac\u00e9e pistache ordinaire . il faut dire qu'il y a du d\u00e9bit mais c'est ordinaire par contre les cupcake sont cute", "score": "3"}
{"review": "trying to get away from the throngs of tourists that were herding themselves down rue saint sulpice to port area of old montreal , i also started craving for some ice-cream and gelato . the sign hanging outside the door was all it took to convince me to seek shelter . luckily not too many people were inside , and i was able to take a good look at the displays of cupcakes and ice-cream flavors . i decided on a lemon cheesecake cupcake and a mini sized very chocolaty looking with nuts ice-cream ( a moka-foulli flavor ? ) . i 'll just say that the ice-cream did the trick to cool me down until i decided to head on down to the port area . it 's a haven to stop in if you want to escape the crowd and enjoy some cupcakes and frozen treats for a short time when you 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what to do when your daughter has a birthday in montreal and you 're miles away ? order cupcakes of course ! and when she has a crazy schedule and it 's a total hassle thank heaven for a kind cupcakery . . . delivery made , a whole apartment-full of 20 year olds happy . . . priceless . and on top of it all . . . they tasted 'awesome ' ! ! thanks to les glaceurs . . .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll start of by saying what was good close to the church and cold drinks . everything else was terrible including the cupcakes . got in line and took them over 15 mins to serve a cupcake with 3 staff members . 5-6 people left as well . not sure if was ruling is out or just service . after we got our cupcakes , served us dirty forks . it has chocolate on the back . i 'm sure there are better cupcake locations . we found a nice tea place next door and a few nice cafes in the area while we were walking . worst cupcake experience ever .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "wow i fail to see why people actually like this place . let 's say pizza hut and godfather 's pizza were first cousins . if they decided to have a kid , that kid would be a greasy semi-retard by the name east of chicago . avoid this place at all costs . it 's really that bad . their thin crust sucks and their pan sucks . i 'm not giving them a third date . i do n't care how many coupons or deals they offer me . it 's always a raw deal when it 's east of chicago .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first and last experience at this place . we ordered fiesta nachos for 4 . i went in to pick it up and it felt like there was nothing in there . i opened it up and it looked like they had taken the nachos you get ( same amount ) at taco bell for $ 2.50 . i should 've said something there but the guy who made the nachos was the only one there and yeah he 's totally going to understand and make right what he did wrong . and when i called when i got home to complain , i learned the guy who made the nachos was ( at the time ... ) the manager . he told me he made them to the specifications ( lie ) by corporate . and he was rude . no salsa , 1 jalape\u00f1o , a few bits of cheese no onion . i had to call corporate to complain and showed them the photo of the nachos i was given . and they agreed it was not done appropriately . i have to wonder how many more people they 've ripped off .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the only east of chicago in the area and i 'm sad to say they may not be here much longer . i order two medium pizzas that were slightly undercooked . the problem was the kitchen , it smelled absolutely terrible like a dumpster . there were 6 employees there two two working on pizzas and boxes . i think the other four could have worked all day cleaning . it was gross !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough about the italian sub here . we live in portland , oregon and have tried every possible place to find a similar or better sub . they do not exist . east of chicago is a must stop every time we come back home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in need of an amazing massage ? have knots the size of baseballs ? do n't care about ambience or decor ? want to walk out feeling good and revitalized ? look no further than tokyo shiatsu clinic aka suzuki shiatsu at the beaches the beach . it 's a one-room clinic with massage tables . there are no barriers or dividers so when you get a massage it 's in full view of everyone else . it 's a good thing you keep your clothes on , huh ? there are several massage therapists ( mostly japanese ) that have differing levels of english fluency but are so omg-amazing at what they do . the only cons are you 'll occasionally hear a fellow massagee snoring ( yes they are that good ) and the fact that they do n't provide insurance receipts . they take reservations and walk-ins and if when you call and you get voicemail , leave a message and they 'll promptly call you back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this suzuki shiatsu branch just open early this year . i walk-in today for a 30min shiatsu , yutaro was my therapist , he asked me briefly about what i want t and start the treatment . total cost $ 42 plus $ 5 tips . yutaro 's shiatsu was great but asuka who i had last time was a little better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i woke up without any aches and pains this morning but decided to treat myself to a massage anyway . suzuki massage ( the queen street location ) was able to fit me in and i booked a 60 minute shiatsu session with tomomi . her technique was direct , firm and very effective ... it was the best treatment i have had in a long , long time . i will definitely be repeat customer . thanks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was at the clinic today and i agree with all the other top reviewers . my therapist asked me at the beginning what i was there for and from there on she took over and i feel so much better . i confess i am not a big `` massage '' person but she seemed genuinely concerned about my pain and made an effort into making sure i feel better . i think it may be a tad bit more expensive than a normal massage joint but i feel it was worth it . i have been looking for a massage clinic for a while and i feel i will be going here in the near future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have you ever been to places where the fancy spa music is playing , waterfalls abound and you have to put on the little slippers and `` kimonos '' before entering your massage , and then the massage is just no good ? suzuki shiatsu has no bells , no whistles and no kimonos - but the massages and price are amazing . the masseuses are top-notch , though it is worth trying a couple out to find the best match . at $ 12 for 10 minutes , it 's certainly doable . it 's actually the best combination of price and service that i 've seen for massages . if you are in the area , at the beach , and need a kink worked out , these pleasant , courteous people , who you 'd think would have forearms like tree branches , are definitely the people to see .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had approximately 6 treatments at this clinic , with at least 4 different therapists ( i usually book last minute and i 'm just grateful to get in ) . the treatments have been fantastic every time . i always walk away with a sound treatment , good advice on stretches and post massage care , very professional and respectful service . the treatments are priced very fairly which is great if you have an issue that requires follow up appointments . i have no issue with others being treated in the same room since there is never any idle chatter to distract from being in the healing zone . what a diamond of a place , beachers are lucky to have it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dealerships like this one make me want to own a horse . everything about the experience from sales to service was expensive and poorly executed . they are clearly interested in nothing other than taking your money and making you feel like crap . i read other reviews that said the owner was bad but honestly i never met him . i did however meet a guy named mr. peterson and he is the personification of a used car salesman . btw i have good credit , good job , etc . ( i also vote and recycle lol ) so this post is n't from some weirdo with a ax to grind ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought a car from ron lewis in pleasant hills . kenny shotter is the best ! i was determined to not spend hours in the dealership negotiating , waiting for the finance guys , etc . kenny was most accommodating and all the business was done by email . in the end , we walked in , went over the paperwork , signed and drove off . kenny always responded quickly to my emails and answered all my questions fully . the price for my trade and the price for the car i bought were both excellent prices based on extensive research i did . i would n't hesitate to buy a car again from ron lewis in pleasant hills .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places in town ! the owner is always on the lookout for what you may need , but also has a fantastic eye , and has both unique and staple pieces in her shop . she is someone to shop again and again with , because she will always know how things will fit on you , and what you like . the shop is cute , small , and there is always a new art show opening every month ! such a hidden treasure , we are lucky to have flockflockflock in vegas ! ! ( the prices are awesome also ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a dude , i love this place , even though the clothes are for the gals . here you will discover some extraordinary finds . the owner has an excellent eye for design and can rework a dud into dynamite . unlike many vintage boutique clothing stores , the prices here are surprisingly affordable , downright cheap at times . almost makes me want to be a cross dresser ... .almost .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jennifer constantly wows with her editing of clothing and her creative energy in the creations she spins ! it makes me wish i were a girl just so i could shop in there and wear what she sells ! so awesome ! go jenn ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here last week and i was super sore the chiropractor was so sympathetic and helped to me to feel relief . i would recommend this place if you need a good adjustment he is amazing , and he has the best customer service rachel is very sweet and very kind , and at the end of adjustment if you 're nice rachel gives you a little bit of a massage at the end it 's a great combination to fit together this office is very wonderful and i would recommend it to anybody . i 'm sure i 'll need to come in here again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pulled lower back and rt shoulder , i researched best dr in my area , and was impressed that he had a long , established reputation , dr is very gentle , knowledgeable and personable , we talked about the options to my care , rachel and donna , his staff , are very caring , i just recommended him to a dear friend , and will continue to do so . and he has a patient for life..good care is everything . thanks dr helvig .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are few things more frustrating than a broken down vehicle , exept for a mechanic that is extremely over pricing the parts to fix the vehicle ! lucky my hubby is aware of how much parts are and called him out on it , so we saved over $ 1,000 ! ! cons : -el jesse is fairly rude and abrupt . - he wanted to charge double for the parts from the dealer ! ( they 're already expensive ! ) pros : -el jesse found out what was wrong with my truck after 2 other mechanics could not . - he fixed my car and got it up and running .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "after looking around and comparing prices i came upon el jesse , i looked at the reviews on different sites and even though they were n't as good i decided to take my truck there . ( '95 suburban ) as soon as i got there i had them road test the truck and they told me it had a tranny problem and gave me prices and options . i told them i 'd look around and after i did i saw they had the best prices in town , i took my truck there and after 4 days they had it ready . it 's been 8 months and my truck is still runnning strong , do n't listen to other people . i would recommend this shop to anybody , if you want great prices and fantastic prices take them here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "el jesse is the absolute best mechanic in las vegas with no exaggeration hands down period.they get down and dirty , but they keep their restrooms clean . ( shows alot about a business ) the car parts store is right beside his shop in which is very convenient in ordering parts . great group of guys.would recommend el jesse to anyone that i know who needs work done on their vehicle . thank u guys for putting the `` honest '' back in `` honest mechanic ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great honest work . i had another shop do transmission work , and i had nothing but troubles afterwards . i found el jesse 's shop online and brought my jeep in . they repaired it at a good price , and when something else sprang up after the initial repair they fixed it at only the cost of parts . i 'll definitely return if i need any more transmission work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` el jesse '' the name should give you an idea of his work ethics . unfortunately majorty of people will never check rating on businesses . biggest con ever i took my car 4 times and he charged me a lot of money . he 's , rude arrogant and of course uneducated . welcome to america no business knowledge or people skills is required to own a business . i 'm in the process of suing him", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sometimes i wonder how this place stays open but then again it 's a starbucks . i luckily forget it 's here most of the time and choose the one at nellis and sahara . the other one is most likely always packed because this one is last resort . usually one person who asks you your order at least twice and gets it wrong anyways . if you are the only person there sometimes it can go well . when it first opened it was the cool thing to hang there and they had a wide selection of food . not any more . but hey one star for caffeine !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i wanted to not believe the bad reviews thinking it is hard to mess up coffee , but i was wrong . do not go here , waste of time and money . employee flirted with a mom and her child , while other employee just didnt seem to want to be there . drinks are disgusting , iced coffee became an iced milk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "understaffed , worst green tea latte i 've ever had . all other starbucks i 've been too , they taste great but this one was horrible .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been here a few times i rarely go it 's down the street but i usually go to sahara and nellis location . small and limited i like getting there sandwiches and they do not have it at albertsons which sucks . staff is ok there nice and friendly but they seem like they are there but not really there if that makes any sense , i only go here if i really have to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the employees are never friendly & theres never enough people working & my drinks are always made wrong . from now on i 'm driving the extra 5 mins to go to the sahara & nellie location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small selection of food and nothing to toast your bagels or anything else . there is only one person working here so she has to balance making the drink and ringing people up . i thought it was a little rude that she had 3 customers waiting on drinks and she decided to make a call . i did n't sound urgent or very important . when i got my drink it was all sticky from the caramel on the cup and the cup holder . i had to wipe it off . ugh . the coffee was decent but i ca n't say i was n't a little grossed out . wash your damn hands . this should n't be considered a starbucks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "alejando was nice . he was nice even when the guy before me was being rude to him . very professional ! the only thing bad is that their steamer was n't working so i could n't get the drink that i wanted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give zero star . this will be the first and the last time im getting my starbucks from . i ordered midnight mocha one and they forgot to do my order and decided to do the other orders before me . i was there first by the way . so yeah . no wonder they got 2 stars .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location just is n't good or very helpful . they do n't use rewards card either . it 's a waste of a location . i rather see it independently operating in its own suite in the same shopping center instead of inside in a grocery store operating by their own standards instead of starbucks standards . please leave albertson 's and move into you 're own space in the shopping center ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is n't friendly they are young dumb clueless . wake the fuck up . its ran by albertson why i quit going there . totally understaffed they never make the drinks right . stop going here ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they 're always out of something or other . always busy and understaffed . their display case of pastries is less than appealing . that 's if they have anything in it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always have to wait for a pump , and there are 18 of them there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've always been a fan of circle k. i think it 's because of the crushed ice and their .89 fountain drinks . this location is conveniently located dowm the street from my work , so i find myself stopping there quite often . drinks . snacks . cheap gas . score !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "next time you go to circle k and it 's busy , the cashiers swamped with lines three deep , i have a challenge for you . go to the hot-dog grill and take a small bite out of each hot-dog , placing the partially eaten dog back onto the grill . count up how many dogs you 've just ruined before the cashier looks your way or someone approaches . i 'm guessing my record of eleven still stands , but who knows . you may be the next champion and not know it . now get in there and let 's see what you 're made of . note : if you beat eleven , please contact me and i 'll pass the crown and sceptre .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked in for my four month old daughter to see a doctor . the receptionist told me it a 45 min wait . when 45min came up i asked how much long she then said it would be another 30 min and that there 's only one doctor on . these are hospital wait time . this clinic has been here for years so they now their peek times.they do n't care about the wait time that 's why they only put one doctor on . their just money hungry doctors who do n't give a shit", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you choose to go here be prepared to wait a long time . i walked in and was told by the receptionist that it would be a 30-45 min wait . i had to wait nearly 1 and 1 2 hours . once i got in the doctor was eager to rush me out of there . only 1 doctor was in and there was over 40 people in the waiting room . i will be avoiding this clinic from now on . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm always seen so quickly here . i came at noon on a weekday . amazing service . the doctors are friendly , helpful and accommodating . there 's also an x-ray and dental clinic here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cool selection of pagan books and candles , etc . nice staff . they have psychic readers available for readings . they have some beautiful bound journals in leather for great prices . not a large place but very pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "simply not a fan . in a place where where baked goods are happening should n't it smell amazing ? on the drive home i had to roll down my windows these things smelled like dirty feet . i kept praying they would taste better than they smelled . they do , but not by much . there is no wow factor here , cinnabon is so much better . the people who work here were not friendly in the least . do n't bother with getting coffee , the place is completely unprepared to serve it . no sugar , sweetner , or set up , and god only knows how long they let a random bottle of creamer sit out on the counter . i was pushed over a lid for my cup across the counter which looked filthy . since they did n't have sugar i ended up throwing it straight in the trash anyway . they open at ten on weekdays and nine on weekends which seems very late for a seemingly breakfast style pastry shop . no thanks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "hella crackin.. i like to stop at cinnabon every once in awhile but how could i after trying this new treat ? the roll was warm and soft from inside to the outter edge . i went for old fashioned frosting and a carmel sauce topping because i wanted to compare to cinnabon . the frosting was night and day better . so light and airy . it wasent thick and rich like cinnabon and i much more perfer it this way . wifey got coffee carmel which was very good but the best part of the trip was the price . very reasonable for such a delicous treat . we will go back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy we loved it ! ! ! what a wonderful mother 's day treat ! ! ! my whole family enjoyed it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to this shop only twice but it will definitely go into my sweet tooth rotation . i 'm pretty simple in my tastes so would n't normally try many of their creations . i 've only had the traditional icing which i did find a tad bit too sweet . next time i will ask if there are any tasting options for their icings . maybe a less sweet alternative to the traditional . i will take another yelpers suggestion and try the banana as well . the second time i ordered from here i called it in from work as i explained that i only get a 30 minute lunch as was pleasantly surprised that they took my phone order and it was ready for me when i got there . yay , i 'm a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first thought was vegan cinnamon rolls oh no ! i was so wrong . this place has amazing cinnamon rolls . loved the rocky road", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the captain america roll was amazing ! ! i had mine ubereats delivered and that 's the way to go because our driver said the line was crazy long ! i also had the peanut butter roll and the old skool and they were also amazing ! my new favorite breakfast treat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! delicious buns . i always get the old skool with strawberries . the staff is friendly and fun and they always remember us when we come in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow this place is so great ! i live 40 minutes away and will drive here daily to get my craving fixed . for anyone who wants a different dessert place to go to go here ! ! fast , amazing taste , friendly staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came in on sunday night when the boyfriend and i were craving something sweet . we were greeted and served immediately . staff was accommodating and friendly and not to mention helpful with the menu . i created my own and the bf had the `` turtle '' they were both delicious ! ! the atmosphere is lit as well.. will definitely come back when my sweet tooth is calling for a snack !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cinnabon more like cinnagone , these rolls will bless your soul ! ! ! i 've gone here with my son multiple times i always get the old skool . i have no idea how they make such great rolls without dairy products . i 'm pretty sure this place is vegan friendly as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` who does n't love a fresh cinnamon roll straight from the oven ? '' i visited the branch in the northwest side of town . if you love cinnamon rolls and are craving something sweet , you 'll love this spot . you can make your own rolls by choosing your own frosting and toppings or you can choose from their signature rolls . from the faq section on their website , they make new cinnamon rolls every 20 minutes to ensure freshness . they made our order super fast - impressive . we ordered 5 cinnamon rolls and they were done in exactly 9 minutes . for 5 rolls , the total came out to a little over $ 28 . i would totally come back to this place to satisfy my sweet tooth cinnamon roll cravings !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great classic cinnamon roll ... way better than your average cinnabon roll . fresh , fluffy dough , the frosting is the best part . you can tell it 's homemade . there 's a special twist to it that just tastes so awesome . i 'll definitely be back to try more . i also love the fact that it 's a `` build your own '' cinnamon roll so you can add a bunch of different flavoring and toppings . today i just stuck with a class roll to try them out for the first time . will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just tried cinnaholic . the cinnamon rolls were very yummy . lots of tasty cinnamon sugar inside ! only downfall was they were not warm when served . i prefer cream cheese frosting and should have asked for it . my 17 year old son said his roll was `` pretty tasty '' . we liked it and recommend if you are a cinnamon roll fan to try this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the customer service was awesome ... the cinnamon rolls are awesome.. you pick your own toppings ! ! ! it is vegan ! ! ! bad vegan but still vegan.. i will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loving these little buns ! my son brought some home on their grand opening , and i was hooked . creative flavors , and i love the ability to customize my order . icing flavors are amazing , and i think i 've tried them all at this point . the minis are just the perfect size treat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yummy , sweet , gooey goodness with so many flavors of icing for you cinnamon bun and lots and lots of icing ... .as it should be . so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my second review ( first being their location in the southwest ) and i 'm a happy camper ! really stoked that they have one a bit closer to where i 'm living now . as a huge plus , everything is vegan and delicious . the only negative is that i probably cant eat one every day.. but i would if i could ! everything is so fresh here and always exactly how you want it . they even let you sample the frosting first to see if it 's going to work perfectly with your pallet . 5 stars all day baby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ran across this place on yelp when looking for a place for cupcakes . my husband and daughter decided to make a trip while i was working , so i came home to a box of cinnamon rolls . i am not a big fan of these since normally my family likes cinnabon . little too sweet and too much cinnamon for me . therefore , i was skeptical ... and so , so wrong for doubting them ! the best cinnamon rolls i 've ever had in my life . they are vegan so no animal products . no egg . the old skool roll is fluffy , airy , has the perfect amount of spice , and the frosting is out of this world ! you can make your own gourmet roll by choosing a frosting and toppings . the maple pecan pie roll is calling my name from across the counter ! i would recommend this place to anyone who loves cinnamon rolls or if you just have a sweet tooth craving .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing like an amazing fresh cinnamon roll right out of the oven . plus your choice of frosting flavor and toppings . the possibilities are endless . to top it off the staff was just as warm as the rolls . super helpful and friendly . could n't be more happy with the experience . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious vegan cinnamon buns . friendly staff . prompt service . what more could a gal ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far my favourite cinnamon bun place in town . when i heard it was opening so close to me , i could n't help but try it opening night . i 've been here maybe 4 times and i 've yet to be disappointed . great service , quality food pand did i mention everything is vegan . absolutely no need to worry . marvin was especially helpful . thank you for being so kind and personable . extremely social and tending to any need we might have .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have loads of options and from what i 've tried it is very good ! ! ! the staff are very upbeat and very nice when i come in . i love the fact that i can have found a good place to have vegan dessert . i definitely come often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in need of s sugar fix and this place had just opened up by my house ! it 's such a great idea , so i went in to try it . i decided to order a roll with peanut butter frosting and the cookie dough . the nice lady at the register told me it was going to be about 15 minutes because they make the rolls fresh , and i could deal with that for a fresh roll ! the cinnamon roll really good , soft , and fresh . i loved the peanut butter frosting but i think next time i 'll skip on the topping . the cookie dough was good but a bit overwhelming . all in all cinnaholic has a great concept and if you 're wanting to try a different dessert i 'd recommend it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first time trying out some vegan desserts and these are definitely good . i 'll definitely be back for more . these are just as good as any other cinnamon rolls out there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a lot of choices . really good flavor in the frostings . so many options that you could come everyday and not try all the different flavors . very casual and calm atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh . my . deliciousness . full disclosure o had already decided this place was n't going to be very good because how could vegan food be good ? but boy was i wrong . if all vegan food is this tasty i 'll gladly make the switch . but i can still have bacon right ? but for real try this place . everyone says it 's expensive but i thought for a gourmet cinnamon roll that is a treat it was n't expensive at all . perfection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't know why i have n't heard of this place before , the rolls are fresh and everything tastes great . 10 10 would go again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my kids were dying to go here and finally went the other day . the cinnamon rolls they ordered were amazingly good . there were some that had bananas and coconut on top and others with strawberries and banana . delicious ! ! ! ! but the customer service is really outstanding . my son actually left his wallet there and i went back to look for it and had no luck . i asked the assistant manager to ask the manager ( who was off ) to review the security camera to see if someone picked it up . they did that and did n't see anything . later that night however , my son got a call letting him know that they found the wallet while they were cleaning up . when he went to pick it up all the cash and gift cards were still there ! that really speaks to the honesty and trustworthiness of the employees . even though there is a lot of construction going on around them , people should really check out cinnaholic . delicious treats , cute interior and honest , hard-working employees !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was very excited to try this , who does n't like cinnamon rolls . i only tried the mini cini and maybe they 're different . i got two , one with cream cheese icing , the other amaretto . i ate the cream cheese one asap and found it to be dry and pretty boring . today i heated up the amaretto and thought that would help . it did n't . maybe a topping would make them a little more flavorful . i 'll probably give it another try down the road and hope for the best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "too complicated and too long of process . they need some standard favorites on the menu besides their old skool . took 20 mins . to get my order upon entry with only one person in front of me in line .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love that they are vegan . & it 's awesome to have so many options to customize your cinnamon roll ! the location is nice & it was bright , clean , & spacious inside . decent prices & friendly staff . we 'll definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "more like zero stars ! ! the staff is extremely rude ! ! went in for a treat , was treated like we were a bother . the cashier promptly told us that they only had 2 cinnamon rolls left and they would not make anymore . we purchased the last 2 and after waiting 10 minutes for them to be prepared the lady very abruptly said , `` you need to leave in 4 minutes '' . we are frequent customers and definitely wo n't be coming back to this location . they clearly do n't know customer service or how to treat loyal customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing to rave home about . with a name like cinnaholic , you 'd think you 'd taste the cinnamon in their old skool roll .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i tried this place for the first time today . what a disappointed . i asked for 2 cinnamon rolls with caramel and pecans . i waited 25 minutes then i discovered that they did n't know where my order was . i waited another 10 minutes and they gave me my order wrong . besides that the cinnamon rolls were too sweet ! ! not at all cinnamony .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really pricy starting at $ 5 a roll . very disappointed , my grandkids hated it . and they are huge fans of cinnabon my grandson who loves everything sugary ( he is 6 yrs old ) scraped off the mound of vanilla after 2 bites , pushed it away ! ! his little sister did n't eat hers after 1 bite either . the service was n't great , and they were n't even busy the entire time we were there . next time i spend $ 43 for a sweet treat with my grandkids i wo n't be coming here , cinnabon is way better and not as $ $ $", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was a little sad that the cinnoman rolls werent fresh and they were too sweet for me . biggest problem they dont offer free water . you make an overly sweet roll and charge me for a bottle of water , whats up with that ? ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing to write home about . it is rather pricey for what your getting . maybe i 'll try again some other time", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this locations was n't helpful because i told them i was a newbie . they did n't tell me if i could try the frosting flavor or did n't tell me about how i can pick my order . the lady was n't helpful . she just look at me and did n't help at all . i would give this place a 3 out of 5 . the bread was good but the frosting was n't all great . it did n't taste like lemon", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awesome hotel . the facilities are nice and the rooms are clean . these guys are really into giving things out for free - free breakfast , free dinner and , oh yea ... 3 free cocktails drinks for each night you stay ! they also have discounted rates for mwu students and a free shuttle that takes you to from campus . will definitely stay here again if i 'm in the phoenix area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel was both comfortable and inexpensive , and for that i 'll happily give them four stars . my request for an upper floor away from the elevator was honored , and everyone working the front desk was very nice . my room itself was clean and comfortable -- big enough bathroom , nice bed , reasonable temperature control . wifi is free and works consistently , which is a definite perk . i did n't have time to use them , but the pool and gym looked nice enough . the room comes with a free happy hour and afternoon snack -- the snack part was kind of laughable ( hot dogs and kraft mac n ' cheese ) , but i 'll never complain about a free glass of wine . breakfast was included as well . the location seemed pretty isolated , but if work or vacation are bringing you to the far north side of phoenix , drury is a fine choice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we recently stayed here with a big group for a wedding that was taking place nearby . the customer service was exceptional ! we had to ask for numerous extras and they were more than willing to help us ! the hot breakfast was excellent as was the drink and snack hour in the evening . i would highly recommend this hotel ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was really please with my stay here . extremely friendly and helpful staff , i was able to check in at 12:30pm instead of 3 . if you are going for mwu , i highly recommend it as the shuttle was great and easy . i had friends who rented cars and the shuttle seemed better . only reason for maybe 4 stars is that although it was awesome they offered free meals and interim popcorn , the quality type was eh . maybe i 'm picky though , but it 's better than nothing . everything else is far away .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i so wanted to give 5 star cause i love drury 's , but i must say the evening kick back blew it . hot food was cold , and and some of the cold food was still frozen , the 2 male serving staff never smile and hovered as if to say dont take to much . then when we were getting ready to leave one of the wait staff perked up cause 4 girls tip him and he went to there table . he never came to anyone 's else 's tables . what a shame cause i usually leave a tip on the table , for serve , but i had to clean my own table so why would i leave a tip . the rooms and the hotel is very clean and up to what i have come to expect from this chain .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this hotel is clean , comfortable , and reasonably priced . they are dog-friendly ( with a small nightly fee ) which is nice when our family dog daisy comes to visit . they have free breakfast and happy hour in which three alcoholic drinks are included . their breakfast is kind of a joke but it 's free ! they usually have popcorn in the lobby so it smells nice . overall , a nice hotel to stay at and they always provide consistently good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to stay . friendly , warm staff from the front desk all the way to housekeeping . everyone looks and speaks to you . the rooms suites are clean and pristine and the cocktail hour and appetizers in the evening as well as the breakfast in the morning puts marriott , etc to shame . whenever we are in a state that has this chain its our first place to stay . love this place they deserve a rating of 100 i %", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel is awesome . it is clean and new looking . when you walk into your room , it feels like you 're the first person to stay in it . it has an indoor pool and hot tub . i loved the 5:30 kickback - pretty much free dinner !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family stayed here recently . i was most impressed with the professionalism of the staff and the quality of the place the evening and breakfast buffets were a great experience . i would not think twice about staying here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "checked in last night with a large group of people and got ta say : the staff is super professional and very nice . clean , quiet rooms . amenities are quite as nice as the marriott ( small pool ) , but there is free wifi ( connection is good and consistent ) and breakfast and dinner snacks come with your room . so , good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place to stay , beautifully decorated , friendly staff , close to shopping . we enjoyed the `` kick back '' . i would have given a 5 , however i 'm not found of dogs , and there were quite a few staying the weekend we were there . to some people they are there family members , and i respect that . for me i would rather not dine with them . overall it 's was a nice stay .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , quiet , good food considering it is a free buffet , ample food , located just off of the highway . for the price this place was really great . staff was more accommodating and friendly than you will find in a high-end hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is very friendly and professional . i would highly recommend staying here . they do everything in their power to make the stay a pleasant experience . i would stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 're local in phoenix , and our air conditioner went out . i called another chain first , but they were not dog friendly , so i searched for dog friendly in our zip code and drury inn & suites was the first one to come up . included in our very reasonable local rate , was our perfect king , dog-friendly suite ( my dog thought we were on vacation ) , a full breakfast each morning , a full dinner , and three - yes three cocktails per person each evening ! what ? ! yes . all included . plus a nice indoor outdoor pool and all the free popcorn you can eat . very friendly staff ( thank you teri ) and to top it off , air conditioning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good and neat room . i do n't see any bugs in this hotel and very comfortable . i really like the picture that they hang . very nice view of grand canyon . i liked wide tv and big closet . but bathroom door does n't lock i guess they do n't want us to lock the restroom . if you are stopping from grand canyon , and try to hang out in the city , this is pretty good hotel . inexpensive and very professional . room is very professionally organized .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would have gone out of my way to stay here if i would have known how nice this place is . we missed the diner , but it was explained that its free with drinks every night . breakfast is more than cereal , hard bagels , and juice . its a real breakfast . indoor outdoor pool . gym . free wi-fi . rooms are nice . bed it not rock hard . staff is very friendly . i will definitely stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have since stayed at this hotel two more times and i continue to be impressed . i remembered the staff and they remembered me and even made sure i got the best room they had in my price range . excellent customer service in a nice and professional environment . definitely what this traveler is looking for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if your on business or just here with the family ... it 's a great hotel ... we checked in yesterday ... . it 's a very nice and clean hotel . the staff is great . the rooms are clean , well furnished , artfully decorated and the room actually smell good . we had breakfast downstairs this morning . with three kids we are used to having space issues in hotel breakfast areas , not here ... more than enough seating and we had our food in no time . the food was hot and tasted great . today the kids swam in the indoor outdoor pool and used the hot tub . the pool is clean and the water was nice , clear , clean and blue . i great place to stay !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we got a free suite at this hotel and frankly my expectations were minimal . upon arrival staff was extremely friendly . i was very happy with the size of the room the bed was extremely comfortable . we did not have to pay for wi-fi and the coverage and speed of the network is amazing even in the elevators ... wi-fi 's natural enemy . the pool is a little bit odd since it 's half indoor half outdoor , and the hot tub is small but it 's not overcrowded . this is a very kid friendly motel so if they bother you that could be a problem for you . hot breakfast is free and is denny 's quality . overall a great kid friendly value or also great for business traveler that needs rock solid wifi for tablets and laptops . give drury a shot !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "free breakfast and dinner . staff is friendlier than any other hotel i have stayed at . i wish this hotel was in california . it 's like a marriott but much better . the only negative thing is that i have to leave this place in a couple of days . i 'll be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family stayed there over new year 's from california as we attended the fiesta bowl in nearby glendale and i have to say i was really happy with our visit . the breakfast was solid , the room was nice and clean and the price was awesome . i 'd stay here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "biannca checked me in - she was wonderful . rooms were clean and do n't forget to tip at the free happy hour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "many thanks to terri ! ! our ac went out and she was able to get us in asap along with our dog 's , 1 being an irish wolfhound ! ! terri you saved us all and with a fantastic rate ! ! i highly recommend drury inn & suites ! ! oh and the free food and cocktails were a much added bonus ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a very nice , very clean family hotel . only problem is the walls appear to be thin and you hear a lot of noise from the hallway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very seldom do i give a 5 star rating but this business really stepped out for us . they changed rooms to ensure we were happy and comfortable , and stepped in to help when my booking thru ( booking.com ) was not correct . no excuses or not my job , they just did it . every meal served was very nice . vast amount of choices , and different meal daily . rooms were spotless , and the housekeeping were amazing . the entire hotel was cool , clean and maintained . this is our 6th stay here and the last 5 days , they really were 5 star . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean rooms . pet friendly . did n't smell like smoke or pet . we came in around 1am and got a room for about $ 95 . 10 % with aaa . breakfast was ok , not that impressive . juices , coffee , muffins , hot food , and there was a waffle machine . donuts , too . bananas , apples ... ..easy plentiful parking . nice lobby .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while on travel from new mexico , this was our stop over for rest . upon arrival , it was a very nice place , with friendly associates . i did see two dogs in the lobby and one in the elevator . being a dog lover myself , i was very pleased to see that they cater to fur babies as well . we arrived at the perfect time , happy hour and food . both of which were included with our stay . then , heading up to bed , they offer great popped popcorn and soda . so , there you have it- movie in our room and popcorn . breakfast was included as well . rooms were nice , and the beds , well let 's say , i slept so well i almost missed breakfast . when traveling though this city , we will definitely choose your establishment again . thanks for everything ... drinks and good eats , too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here our last night in town before moving because they are pet friendly . we were in one of the extra large king suites which are tucked away in the corner so it was nice and quiet . decent rates , clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great experience here ! very affordable , clean and had a great free breakfast . but if your that couple where one of you gets really cold , bring a blanket because the bedding is thin . i 'm very picky with cleanliness of hotels and i was satisfied ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a wonderful experience at this hotel from the moment i checked in to the moment i checked out everything was very clean in our room the staff was very helpful food was good hot at all times it was nice to be able to come down and get refreshments i would recommend this hotel to everyone will be looking for it on our next trip", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far one of the better hotel experiences i 've had . came to this drury right off of staying at another drury , and both experiences were full of courteous and genuinely friendly staff , nice hotel decor , and very decent hotel food and drinks that are complimentary to your stay . the whole thing beats the pants off of the lackluster service of pretty much every other hotel ( cough hilton cough ) . while the location of the hotel is a bit far off the city , anyone who 's spent any duration of time in the city will see this as a plus . all in all this was a stellar stay .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice rooms , great helpful staff , nice pool & jacuzzi and pretty good food & drinks . also they have a popcorn machine in the lobby that gives the lobby a great friendly smell when you first come in . i also like the free drinks & alcohol drinks and snacks they have . the way that this is setup makes the hotel a more friendly atmosphere to mix & meet the other guest .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great hotel and even better services . staff was incredibly nice and seemed genuinely concerned about us as guests . many extras too , like free drinks ( beer , wine , mixed ) , hot food in the evening , fresh popcorn in the lobby , as well as a nice indoor outdoor pool and hot tub . i would definitely recommend this hotel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great comfy hotel and they have a lot of freebies that really make this place a deal . staff is great and accommodation they work hard to keep the free buffets filled and offer a great variety . pool is a little small but a great concept with the pool half outside half inside . great location close to freeway shopping dining etc", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hotel surprised me . it had great front desk people who checked me in with no issues late at night , a filling breakfast , and comfy bedrooms . it was a great place to stop and rest before driving up the mountains to flagstaff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really the only thing that we did n't like was the beds were n't super comfortable but everything else was great ! we got an awesome deal on priceline using the express deals so it was totally worth it ! free hot breakfast and free cocktails and snack food every night , not to mention the wafting smell of popcorn that snuck into our hotel room every afternoon was a homey touch ! making your own fresh waffle every morning was so yummy ! most importantly , they were dog friendly and employees were friendly with our puppy . overall i 'd stay again for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "here again ! ! pretty decent rooms , very clean . beds a little too soft for my comfort ! : ( pool and jacuzzi open 9_10 , both indoor and outdoor . jacuzzi is super nice , strong jets . very clean hotel all around . complimentary hot breakfast consists of waffles , oatmeal , biscuits and gravy , and sausage patties . i believe they alternate srambled eggs every other day ! pretty great deal , then happy hr completely free three cocktails , nachos , hotdogs , and soups ! so far ... so good , might even upgrade them to five stars , depending on service ! ! the mgr so far is on site both at pm checkin , and 6 am breakfast ... seems to be hands on ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stay here at least once or twice a month for the last year , always great customer service , the mgr mr lewis has his staff on point for the most part . this hotel is consistently good , rooms always clean , evening happy hour with free food and etoh ! they do allow pets for $ 10 night . my boxers love this hotel , everyone is friendly and accommodating , plus their are plenty of dining options near by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are very excited to welcome the reopening of ace hardware in anthem , az . its great to have a locate hardware store in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here , was greeted by everyone , met a small older man who was very helpful and went out of his way to get me exactly what i needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why have a flyer ? they have a chair in their ad and do n't have it the 1st day of the sale , wo n't be getting them until after the add is done and wo n't give a rain check . no wonder they closed once already !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad customer service rude and nasty . i would rather drive to home depot . i was told i could return an item if i did n't use it and i had the receit and it was in the original packaging . when i did n't use the product and it was in its original packaging they would not take it back . the sales person that sold it to me lied straight to my face . if they continue like this iam sure they will be out of buisness soon again . home depot has much better pricing and better customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have visited this store since we came to anthem early december 2014 . love the store , nice people helping you , and it is great to find someone to help you when needed . got my business for sure , find what i need , even they helped many times with making newer keys . it is great to have ace back . friendly customer fro wisconsin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always greeted 'hello ' everytime you walk through the door . what a novel idea ! everyone working there is always so helpful and patient . corey is especially knowledgeable and always goes the extra mile !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best part about this store is they carry almost everything that you need for repairing something in your home . in addition , if they do n't carry an item , they can order it or request the mananger look into seeing if it is an item they can carry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic to have a hardware store here again ! great people , great pricing and huge selection of items . thank you ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location , better than most ace hardware in phoenix . prices are excellent , even less than home depot ! also has a huge selection", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one size fits all , my husband and i went to dr. craig for at least 6 months . i only saw dr. craig one time and my husband never even met him ! when he put me on metformin it elevated my liver enzymes , dr. craig told me metformin was n't metabolized through the liver and to stay on it ... my primary doctor immediately took me off and informed me metformin is know to elevate liver enzymes . we had other issues with the office not calling back , etc . he may work for some people , but he certainly did n't work for us . we found much better success with another fertility doctor that individualized his plan and helped bring our daughter into this world . we saw dr. craig back in 2009 , i am hoping his practice and office staff has improved since ... but i would n't hold my breath as the office seemed to be a infertility sweat shop . with that being said ... i did have one friend who had success with dr. craig ... but several who did not .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know where to start , we 've had such an amazing experience at ftc . my husband and i had been to another clinic and had a terrible experience . we went through an ivf cycle that resulted in only one embryo . an ivf cycle with dr. craig resulted in 15 embryos ! ! ! our treatment was far more individualized and the results speak for themselves . at ftc we finally feel taken care of , but also cared for . i 've never met a kinder and more compassionate staff . i 've discovered that a few if not many of the staff have been involved in fertility treatment themselves in one way or another . the empathy is apparent . i 've been hugged , comforted , and cheered on , all while receiving high quality , modern , and evidence based treatment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr. craig - the staff here is amazing , friendly , helpful and caring . always willing to answer your questions . dr. craig explained all options to me and gave it to me straight , and now i have a child ! he never gave up ! thanks dr. craig to you and your amazing staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "welcome to being a number in a fertility shop . long waits . high prices . we felt like numbers on a paper and people who needed to be fixed . the providers could n't ever seem to coordinate . dr. craig would give an order and then the nurse would do something different or be clueless about it . ugh ... i do n't question dr. craig 's competency ... there 's no question he is a qualified physician ... but i do question the execution of his business . for as much as we spent on ( in ) fertility ( all out of pocket , of course ) they just did n't meet our expectations for care .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i give 3 starts because staff is great , but i would have preferred more one on one time with the doctor himself . tamara is who i worked with on a weekly and sometimes twice weekly basis and she was amazing . patient , positive , and took her time answering all of my questions . i had dr. craig and be prepared when you first meet with him he talks extremely fast and it can be hard to keep up with him . bring a list of questions and be prepared to stop him to clarify what he is saying . he is very thorough , but very fast . after 3 failed iui 's and only seeing him for one appointment , i had to request to see him to discuss my treatments . i think that there should be more interaction with him , especially since it is such a costly and emotional process . but thankfully the rest of the staff was so nice ! although their treatments did not work for me , i felt that they kept trying and always had a plan .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dr craig and the entire staff at ftc are wonderful , professional and caring . i had a great experience ! thanks jennifer , amanda , daina , shannon , marissa , beth , dr. craig , kristina , susan , meghan , michella , lab staff , procedure operation room staff and everyone at ftc !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved this place ! ! every single person in the office from front desk - blood draw nurses- ultrasound techs & billing were amazing ! my husband and i tried for 2 years with 1 miscarriage and were pregnant with a baby girl within 3 months & 2 trys at iui . after we `` graduated '' and went to our ob it was tough going from weekly ultrasounds & treated with such care to `` normalcy . '' we will definitely be back for our 2nd & will recommend this place to anyone struggling with fertility issues ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr.crieg is a very good and well thought out dr in regarding each individual person needs . he is and excalant dr . i had really good out come after trying for many years without no luck of getting pregnant and finly this year january 2016 i got pregnat with the help of dr crieg . after tying hard i 'm finly was able to get pregnant though ivf and afte dealing with endometriosis and cysts and fibroid tumors after years for so many suergerys . i am so so thankfull that i got to work with him to make a plan that best worked for me to get pregnant and have a helth baby beautiful baby boy .everyone in the clinic were vary nice , and i worked with jenniffer and i was very pleasd with her beacouse no matter how crazy my questions were she was very kind and helpfull with me and just answered them . the clinic is very nice looking and clean . thank you dr.crieg and team at fertility treatment center for helping me have a little mirical baby . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at ftc is amazing ! kristina bauer , the pa-c , who works with dr. craig is so knowledgable . i worked solely with her throughout my infertility journey . as emotionally draining as something like infertility can be , it meant so much to me to work with people who are as caring as the staff at ftc are . they also always worked with my busy schedule , being super accommodating . i trusted them completely and i would highly recommend this office . as an infertility patient , you need an office you can count on to walk you through all the steps to pregnancy . this office will be just that for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. craig and his team are top notch . they were able to diagnose and correct my fertility issue quickly and within 2 iui sessions i was pregnant . it all happened faster than expected considering my husband and i had been trying for over a year and a half without success . once i was pregnant they monitored me closely to make sure all my hormone levels were correct , and if not adjusted them promptly . they also monitored my baby each week with an ultrasound to make sure she was healthy and developing properly . it was great to hear her heartbeat and see her move each week . i really missed that after the transfer back to my ob . dr. craig , his pa , nurses and ultrasound techs really took great care of me and my baby and i know they are the only reason that i was able to get pregnant and successfully get through the first trimester .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed this place this was the second time we visited this location it is so clean and comfortable waiter was very nice and attentive timing of the food was on point drinks were very good validated our parking prices reasonable mgr was a young lady with a very sweet accent that came to our table to say hello and i thought that was just so nice we will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to be one of my favorite places to go . still has great bagels . recently their manager ( that looked weirdly like rob corrdry ) either was fired or left , was replaced by another . since then , the lines have been longer , and they 're either constantly understaffed or their staff just does n't quite know how to prepare food quickly and efficiently . will probably go a lot less , as the last few times i 've gone have gotten me a little too close to late for work ... . or maybe just go for coffee instead of food . : d", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love their bagels ! ! usually they are fresh and fast . of course there are times when they seem slow or if you come in after the rush , the bagels wo n't be as fresh , but i still love this place ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it had been a long time since i 've had an einstein bagel . i was starving so i went for it on an early saturday morning . service was excellent . those 9-grain bagels are so fresh and a little warm . yum . highly recommended . easy parking also !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just met the crew , all seemed very nice and helpful . gave me a complete tour of the facility . i then sat with doctor to review expectations and what kind of possibilities i have for a complicated situation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr brady is a rare breed these days . she cares about her patients and she has superior dental skills so you will never have a bad experience here . i found out she teaches other dentists and speaks about topics all over the united states that 's the kind of dentist i want taking care of my teeth . if you are someone who cares about your smile , then you wo n't go wrong here . this is n't corporate discount dentistry . this is quality results for the long term ! what dentistry should be ... .the one that knows your name and your needs . it 's nice to see such continuity of care and i have been a patient there for a couple years now !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. brady and her team were great to work with today . very friendly and helpful . thank you for making my visit such a nice experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you guys are the best ! ! ! amazing work all the time ! i would n't trust my teeth to anyone else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never sold coins before so based on thier name i went here to see what they would offer me for a late 1800 's $ 5 gold coin offered me less than the gold value . nice looking place with fancy equipment but at the end of the day the price is the important thing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went the other day to get some of my jewelry appraised , they only offered me $ 8 a gram for 18k gold , ( it 's worth $ 31 a gram ) ! ! ! what a rip off !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what a scam , i took a ring in to this location to possibly sell . the woman i spoke to had no clue what she was talking about . the ring was just a setting , i had a `` placeholder '' stone put in the center and she looked at it through a loop , `` graded it '' herself and tried to tell me it was half the size i knew it to be . anyone that knows anything about diamonds would be able to tell that that was not a real stone . she was rude , condescending and reeked of cigarettes and when i finally told her just to tell me what she would give me for it and she low balled me with $ 100 offer ... for a $ 5000 verragio ring . avoid this place at all costs . i was expecting to be low balled but that 's ridiculous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on my journey to find someone to purchase my ring i stopped at this place . a woman was there and barely greeted me . before i could even explain what i had she started with i hope you do n't have . have what ? i guess she did n't want any small diamonds ? then she looked at my ring and made a quick offer and started on again about how it is not worth much . fine ! ! i have learned what you pay for jewelry is not close to what you get in return . so you think its not worth much , explain why and she could n't . plus her offer was not the best was not the worst ( why i gave her 2 stars instead of one ) but overall her offer was not close to the highest offer and she had bad overall service , why bother . so i just left and my journey continues .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's like going to the carnival and being hustled by the film flam man , but here they even stick the knife in slowly and nickel and dime you for everything like your coins are damaged , your gold chain is not really 14k which makes me laugh the most as lots of 14k is 13 and half that would make a difference if they were assayers smelters who pay 98 % of melt , not the half the price of melt they tried to pay me .so a word to the wise that my feind taught me after deal only with principals like reputable coin wholesalers or gold smelters , they are the ones who will pay you competitive market prices ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys are going to give you 30 dollars under spot price . rosland capital told me that the spot price has nothing to do with the value of the coin . rosland quoted me the value of my coins for 1280-1300 . nevada coin paid me 1130 because the spot price was 1160 . they claim they only make 30 bucks on the deal - which is bogus . they make a few hundred on the deal . you are not going to get top dollar for your stuff - which brings me to my next point - i think investing in gold is a scam . you buy it at over market and you sell it for whatever they want to give you . oh yes - they will say your coin is scratched or something to ding a few more dollars off of you . to their positive they pay you right away - so i guess that 's what you 're paying for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've gone here a few times now and the gentleman that helps me is always really nice and fair with pricing on the items i 'm selling . if he thinks that i can get a higher profit on some items elsewhere then he will tell me which items i should hold on to or sell on ebay . overall , a pretty good place to deal with when selling gold , silver and coins .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just got back and this is a professional outfit , i would strongly suggest that if you have coins and bullion this is where you start your search , this will save you a lot of time , thoroughly satisfied", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to this place today to sell my wedding set , its not a great set but it was n't garbage . it amounted to 3 4 carat set in 14k gold . the lady there told me it was n't great and that theres not a high demand for marquee cut anymore , she told me it was worth less than 100 ... seriously ? i knew better i then took it over to super pawn and walked out with 260.00. will never go back to this place , horrible they will not give you what your jewelry is worth .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "spoke with avery on the phone and then met with him at the location on blue diamond . i found avery to be professional and honest as i had my loose diamond examined by several other buyers and he said the same thing as the other buyers did . he offered me a higher amount than the other buyers and was extremely honest and upfront . i would reccomend this business and avery to any prospective diamond seller .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in with some jewelry and two silver serving trays just to see what i could get for them . i was n't really expecting to get anything . they welcomed me right away and looked over everything and told me what everything was made of and whether it was worth anything . i was right , most of my stuff was worthless but i got a few bucks for a necklace i 'll never wear . they were respectful and helpful . if i ever come across anything else , i 'll definitely go back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've gone to this location a couple times for all things - getting new tires , getting a nail out , and tires rotated . service is always fast and friendly . they offer a rack full of current magazines and a station for coffee and water while you wait . this time i got my tires rotated . i did n't schedule an appointment and they were a bit busy , but were able to accommodate me . they said it would take 2 hours , but i just read a magazine while i waited . they were able to get me out in an hour and a half and to my surprise the rotation was free ! i think that 's what they offer when you bring in your car to them for the first time . definitely enjoyed my expierence and will be back for my tire needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "due to a rather large phantom screw it became necessary to head down to the neighborhood discount tower to get the vehicle back in normal driving condition . this particular discount tire has been here since i was a youngster , and although the staff has changed they are always friendly and helpful . the waiting area lobby is always clean with local tunes being played over the speakers ; making it a stress free wait . on this occasion it was no different . dan helped me out right away and got me set up with a new tire . prices are always in line with the market value , and dan informed me it would be a 45 minute wait , but i was done in 30 . great job to you warriors of tire repair . if your ever in need of a tire place while on the east side ; i know of no better place and will be back time and time again when the phantom screws , nails , or what not decide to hinder my daily travels .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my god ! ! ! ! amazing amazing amazing ! manager got me right in for an easy flat check so i would n't be late for work on july 5th ! ! ! staff is friendly & awesome ! manger knows what customer service still means ! ! ! i highly recommend this place & this is my discount now ! ! ! love the staff & helpfulness . they even are gon na try to help me out with a spare tire since when i pulled mine , seems the truck was sold to me with a bad spare which i learned yesterday after i pulled it from my f-150 . ca n't say enough about these guys : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we hit a curb last week and luckily we have a tire warranty but in the meantime we went to a different tire place to put on a spare tire . we specifically told this other tire place to make sure they give us the tire back so we can turn it back into the discount tires and get a brand-new tire but the darn place gave us an entirely new tire . luckily the people here understood and exchanged our tire anyway ! the guy who helped us was named raul and the other guy was named adolfo who fixed our tire pressure . they were both very pleasant i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . so much better than i expected . while traveling up to oregon , nasty flat tire . called this store & dan told me he had two of the hankook tires in stock i needed . when i got there , dan was unable to locate them after several attempts . he then sold me 4 new similar hankook tires for the price of two . he had them delivered & installed in one hour ! we liked the free coffee and cold bottled water too . awesome service and attitude ! thank you to a great crew !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here due to yelp reviews and word of mouth from family . true to their word with service and honesty . james greeted me as i parked my car and asked what he can do for me . my honda was in service 8:08am and left at 8:36am . fast service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love discount tire . i 've used them for 25+ years . i made appointment today ( saturday ) at 430 . they got me in and out with 2 new tire s in 20 minutes . they are awesome", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought my set of tires from discount tire on fort apache a year ago . i recently moved to the sunrise manor area and this store happes to be the nearest discount tire store that i can go to . so i decided to pop in one afternoon to get my tires rotated . julian helps me through the whole process , the whole staff made it like its a very important job . balancing the tires , rotating , adjust the air pressure , the whole nine yards for free . they did a wonderful job and i am glad i choose discount tire for my baby beemer . thanks a lot discount tire .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i noticed my tire was leaking air and called discount tire . before i even got there they were able to source a runflat tire that would be there within a couple hours and got that transfer started . when i got there i asked if they can see if repair is possible . to my delight they were able to repair and balance the tire and wheel for free ! super happy with the customer service , great experience from start to finish ! thank you discount tire !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a screw in my tire and discount tire plugged the hole free of charge . unfortunately , they scratched the paint off my brand new wheel when plugging my flat tire . free things in life are never free .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was traveling out of state and in desperate need of a new set of 4 tires . went to the store and patrick got me a great deal . got me in and out quickly , due to my time crunch . provided me with excellent customer service . as i sat in the lobby , i observed him quickly greeting and helping everyone walking in . i was able to travel out of state and return home safely . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in on 1 21 2016 to the big o tire across to get a flat repaired on my 25 ' flatbed trailer with dual tires and tandem axles . i was told by the big o tire manager they did n't have an `` air jack '' to lift my axle . are you serious ! ? , the trailer was empty ! needless to say i came across to the discount tire and they were more than happy to help me out . turns out that the valve was loose in the stem and just needed tightening and a bit of air . discount even balanced the tire before remounting it , all at no charge ! this discount tire rocks ! if this is the kind of service a non-paying customer gets , i imagine the sky is the limit if your actually buying tires !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "of course it 's saturday and after 2 pm and i call the store and they tell me expect a minimum 2 hour wait , which i 'm good with . it 's 109 degrees in the shade and having worked in this heat for 30 years understand by the end of the day it 's drained you . patrick who took the call what great to talk to as well as justin at the counter who took able to handle what i needed done to my vehicle . i 've used discount tire for years and will continue to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good guys that get the job done quickly and efficiently . ask for justin , he 's a great customer service rep and will help you get into the right tire that fits your price range . i searched around for cheaper tires online and could n't find much cheaper . plus they offer payment plans if you use their credit card , for me that was important as i had to spend over $ 1200 for new tires on my rv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "much nicer location than the other one i visited last week . the other one i went to did n't really check my history , just told me i had n't driven far enough to qualify for warranty replacement on my tires when those were n't even the ones that needed swapping out . then chastised me for wearing down the tires so quickly ! the nellis branch however pulled up my history , noticed that i had only replaced the tires that are now on the back , and was considerably more friendly . they gave me the quote and told me how everything would go and were entirely more pleasant . i might continue to go to this location even after i move to the west side just because of the vast difference in service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go so often to fill my air up in my tires . i was in a dilemma a while back to get my tire fixed and they saved the day . even though i had a warranty with them they were able to save my tire instead of replacing it . i went to another place prior close to our home and they told me i had to get the tire replaced and even showed me a diagram ( picture ) to show me why i needed it replace , that would have cost me big . so this place is ok in my books . there professional and they get the job done without swindling you , this is my sole opinion on my experience here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pat is the man ! he will take care of you ! went in for a couple new tires walked out with 4 only cause they were looking out for my safety . my tires all needed to be changed and they had many options to fit my style of driving . thanks guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can honestly say that this particular location is very well managed and they treat you right . i have been buying tires from this location for the last 20 years . i 've seen managers come and go , the current manager patrick has things operating as they should be . if there is an issue which does happen every so often , he will take care of it . it does n't matter where you go for tires , sometimes a wheel may get scratched , perhaps a center cap may get broke . the difference is that many other businesses will try and not address the issue . discount is always very straight forward and they really treat the customer well . this is why i return and i would recommend this store and discount tire in general .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , they always go above and beyond , we 've purchased multiple sets of tires here and they have a great warranty and never give us any problems", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a hairstylist and am need of regular massages . i have been in charlotte for 7 years and have tried many massage places . guided hands is by far the best massage ! i go to nicole for deep tissue . she is amazing ! i came from florida and no one else compares to my girl there besides nicole . easy online booking and awesome price ! no stupid membership ! ! ! ! ! worth the drive to matthews !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love jazzercise ! it is a great total body workout that includes cardio and weights ! current music and ever changing routines keep it fun ! great location and awesome instructors !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love the enthusiasm and motivation from the instructors . i have been attending classes fairly regularly for about 6 months . each instructor has her own style but all of them are friendly and provide a complete dance workout to a great music mix . you can work at low level or higher level . no pressure ! jazzercise fits easily into a schedule with morning and evening classes . i always leave feeling happy that i went .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jazzercise is a great workout with current music . the instructors are knowledgable and enthusiastic . they are able to modify to meet a variety of fitness levels .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lisa is an excellent vet . her mobile clinic makes it much easier for our cat ( who hates car rides ! ) . she has cared for our cat for several years , and her rates are very reasonable . she is very knowledgeable and has a clean , well equipped mobile clinic . she not only does standard annual check-ups , but will also perform most other types of testing right in her lab , with quick results . she also never pressures us into expensive , possibly unnecessary testing like some other vets . she has a great bedside manner , and we could n't recommend her more highly . i rarely write on-line reviews , but really wanted to spread the word about dr. lisa !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about dr. lisa ! i love that this service exists ; bringing the veterinarian to my driveway is so helpful . my cat , who is prone to being stressed out , does n't mind just being carried out the door . even better , dr. lisa clearly has a talented touch with animals ; she takes great care of my cat , and maybe more importantly , this nervous nellie owner . she is quick to answer any of my questions via email , and to schedule appointments when i need them . the personalized service is fantastic . i ca n't recommend paws and claws enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are new to the madison area , and the move across the country stressed our cat out terribly . he was having bladder issues , and behaving extremely aggressively when we would try to take him to a local vet clinic . we figured we would try a mobile vet to see if staying at home would keep him calmer . luckily this idea worked out wonderfully . dr. lisa came into our apartment and took her time in letting our cat sniff her out and relax . she was extremely kind and patient , played with him and gave him treats ... it was easy to see she truly loved animals and wanted to help . our cat was so much more calm and comfortable with this situation rather than being in a strange room at a clinic . i 've had pets my whole life , but this was my first time using a mobile vet . i must say , going this route far exceeds having to deal with the stressful process of going to the vet ! dr. lisa is wonderful , and we will certainly be using her as our veterinarian going forward .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is truly a remarkable service and individual ( dr. lisa , the vet ) . my mother used dr. lisa for the last couple of years for her aging cat . as another reviewer said , keeping him ( the cat ) in his own environment was so much less stressful on both him and my mom . and i was on-hand during a very emotional visit with dr. lisa when the cat was in pain . she is so gentle and patient -- with both the animal and the owner ! it is rare to find a vet who is as good with people as he she is with animals ... and dr. lisa is truly remarkable . if i ever have a dog or cat again , i will not use anyone else except dr. lisa . i am a huge fan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. lisa really cares about the well-being of your animals and always makes sure you pet receives quality care . we have 2 cats and a dog that she cares for and the mobile factor really helps out as well . i do n't know what we would do without her great services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good place for quick grubs if you 're at the wynn ... especially now with the vegan options including vegan cheese ! pros : - crispy tofu sandwich ! they were surprisingly good- reminds me of those meatball sandwiches but better . - vegan cheese options - nice view of the waterfalls inside & outside - reasonable prices for the wynn - vegan gelatos ! cons : - long wait . they did warn us that it would take 25 minutes for our pizza . 3.5 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sugar & ice had been replaced by pizza place at the end of the esplanade . when was this ? ! we grabbed a quick bite to eat before heading out to encore beach club since we learned our lesson the day before : to eat . a slice of pizza is around $ 5 . we grabbed some slices , which took forever to get ! i thought it was a quick , ready to heat up type of place , since the pizzas were obviously in the window display . i guess they decide to make the dough on the spot : p jk ! free refills ! so if you were dehydrated as much as i was since i did n't have a drink in my hands , then do not fear ! plenty of seats and cheaper than most places in vegas if you are on a budget ! ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "three kinds of people come here . - too lazy to leave wynn encore property - too poor to dine at other restaurants at wynn encore - too drunk to realize where they are one common thread among them - too naive to be conned by steve wynn 's infomercial , claiming `` pizza place serves the best pizza outside of new york . '' apparently , he needs to get out of vegas more often .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "4 stars i usually prefer thick crust pizza , but this was one of the best pizza 's i 've ever had ... and it was new york style w a thin crust ! it took longer than it should have for our food to come out ( salad , slice of pizza , italian sandwich , fries ) , but when it did come out , it was worth it ... ... . i would 've skipped going to the club and just went back to my room w a whole pizza if i had that option ... .but my gf would kill me if i did . the italian sandwich , fries , and salad were all good ... .but the pizza killed it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the only reason i have to step foot in wynn again is to go here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "new pizza place at the wynn , named appropriately enough ... pizza place ! not sure , but i believe this was the site of the old sugar & ice as it 's located at the end of the esplanade . nicely done , casual place which still somehow manages to fit nicely into the wynn theme ... great place to pop in for a quick bite or to talk business . pizza was n't authentically italian to the level of say , a16 in san francisco , but not bad at all , especially hot out of the oven . interesting ... i just took a look at the wynn website and they list pizza place as the finest new york style pizza . my initial impression when i was there had been that they were striving to be more authentically italian than new york . reasonably priced pizza at the wynn ? definitely a sign of the times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had the meatball pizza , and it was pretty good . unfortunately , the crust was undercooked and not golden brown at all . it was n't doughy inside , but the paleness of an unbrowned pizza crust is not very appetizing to me . plenty of cheese on top , though , so yay for that . regardless of the rather disappointing pizza , i would return again if only to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful view of the pond and waterfalls ! so beautiful and relaxing . hard to believe this place faces the strip . you ca n't hear any traffic , or see anything that hints to the mad metropolis waiting just beyond those trees . one star for the food , 2 stars for the patio view !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the few places that is n't too ridiculously over-priced in las vegas ! they have pretty good `` meal deals '' where you can get a slice of pizza and side for about $ 8 . that sounds pretty lame , but when you see the size of a pizza slice you 'll change your mind . these slices are bigger than your face , and they are pretty yummy to boot . i got the meat-something-something pizza ( lots of meat ) that was yummy , and the man-friend got the meat-ball pizza . the meat-ball pizza is a little different , but it 's not too bad , but i 'd stick with the meat-something-something i got . no idea why , but i was in love with their fries & garlic bread . super good . gelato is n't too shabby either ! i would definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best part about pizza place is n't the pizza , it 's the waterfall ! walk through the doors in the back and you can eat your pizza next to a giant waterfall . the pizza was ok ( big slices ) and inexpensive . even though wynn is known for being vegetarian vegan friendly , there were n't that many vegetarian vegan options . it was fun to sit next to the waterfall , but i would n't make this a destination .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "as many have mentioned , this pizza joint is so out of place ! but as pizza addicts , the bf & i had to stop by ( we stayed at the encore ) and put in our two cents . cheese pizza , while totally underrated , is by far the best way to judge pizza . you ca n't mask the flavor of the tomato sauce , quality and consistency of the melted cheese , and the crisp thinness of the crust . with that said , the cheese pizza here was quite impressive ! large , thin slice with just the right crisp and texture . we wouldve totally given 4 stars but the pizza was just way too greasy . it was literally sweating which is a total turnoff for me . you can pack a lot of flavor without over greasing the slice . anyhow come by and try it when you 're in town even if you just ate the wynn buffet ( like we did ! ) .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place for a quick bite before hitting the clubs at wynn . pizzas took a while to cook , and were just ok. pesto pizza : not recommend - looked like they just squeezed some ready-made pesto onto the slice meatball pizza : had the thinnest slice of meatballs ever ! we had to ask the server where the meatball was ! apparently , it 's cut so thin and hidden behind some sauce ! orzo pasta salad : pretty decent , but then again , i love orzo salad ! insider tip : the only saving grace to this place is the view . make sure to sit outside on the patio and watch the water fountains .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "they dont deliver up to the rooms . bummer . so we had to order an hour ahead and then go pick it up . and the large pizzas are huge . the girls who went to go pick them up got quite a few comments lugging the pizzas through the casinos . they should just deliver . the thin crust pizzas were good . we got veggie , which had nothing green on them , cheese , and then meat . we also got two salads . everything was pretty good . we ended up eating cold pizza again after a night of drinking . two meals for the price of one ! kind of ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "anywhere you eat in the wynn will be pretty expensive , but prices here are n't too bad ( for vegas ) . i 'd rather eat here than at the other cafes at the wynn . good service , good pizza and salad , and pretty good garlic knots.. though i 'd opt for the garlic and parmesan fries : ) you can sit out on the patio and watch the waterfall . there 's also an outlet outside , if you wanted to use your laptop or anything . 8.95 for large slice of pizza and your choice of a side ; about $ 24 for a whole pie , salad , and choice of side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i heart pizzas ! so the girls and i were starrrving before a night out and we needed a quick bite ( since we took like 4 hrs getting ready lol ) pizza place was perfect for that , such a cute place . i had a cheese pizza.. ( yeah i 'm boring ) the rest had the pesto pizza which i think they enjoyed because we were all super quiet munchin on our pizzas ... the crushed red peppers were n't all that spicy so make u sure u pile a lot on ! p.s . and the pizza slices are big ! definitley good for groups and kids ! they have tv 's all around a inside you get a great view of on of the wynn 's waterfalls . : ) the wynn is gorgeous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "who needs to go to nyc when you can come to pizza place ? seriously ! ! ! it 's that good . thin and chewy crust , tasty red sauce and yummy cheese . i 'm hungry thinking about it again . i ca n't for my next visit back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was our last day in vegas , and i did n't want to empty out my bank account for a last meal . i wanted to walk around the wynn and did a search ... up popped pizza place ! definitely not a place i 'd expect to be in the wynn , but it was a nice surprise . a small little pizza parlor tucked away in the hotel with a nice view of a waterfall . casual place , but a classy wynn-y casual . we got the veggie pizza and pesto pizza , garlic parmesan fries , and the tomato soup that michelle w. raved about . the slices were huge and the crust was just the right amount of crunchy . definitely went really well with my soup ! the flavors were done just right , though my veggie pizza could have done with a smaller amount of olives , and more veggies . the tomato soup was a little sweet for my taste , but it was n't bad . the fries were garlic-y and parmesan-y . great ! i 'd definitely come again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it served its intended purpose . gigantic , thin slices of pizza . for around 35 bucks , we ordered the large which was enough to feed 3 guys and 2 girls ( with about 1 whole slice left in tact ) . although pricy , considering the fact that we got full off of this , it is somewhat a cheap alternative to other dining options . we got a half half of meatball and pesto , both of which i think were pretty good . we also got a side of parm fries and garlic knots ( think bread rolls ) . i think i would pass on the rolls in the future , nothing to write home about and seemed a little overbaked . my biggest complaint is the soda water fountain is n't accessible to customers so you end up standing in line for a simple refill that you would be able to take care of yourself if it was available for the public . i felt bad asking for a refill and because i was holding a lot of cups , it just makes it inconvenient on the consumer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was told this was the best pizza in the west coast . it was alright in my opinion . we ordered a large and split it among 8 of us ? it was n't very filling but we had plans to eat else where . 40 dollars for the pizza ? but slices were huge ! i would n't mind eating here again , but it certainly would n't be somewhere that i 'd go out of my way again to eat .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good place to get a quick bite if you stay at wynn hotel . you place your order at the cashier , put your order number tag on the table and the waiter deliver your food to your table . relatively inexpensive when compared to other restaurant inside the hotel . nice view to a man-made water fall just outside . they have outdoors sittings , great in spring and fall , too cold in winter and too hot in summer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a solid place to grab a slice compared to the more fine dining spots in the wynn . ordering a full pie took about 30 minutes to come out but they have booze and great outdoor seating with views while you wait . they have individual slices with a variety of toppings ready for a quick heating also . the pizza is on the thin crust side but the slices are oversized and hit the spot after a long day drinking by the pool .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious food ! we ordered : roasted chicken breast sandwich with a choice of side salad or side dish ( i got the side salad ) 12.99 side order of garlic and parmesan fries 4.99 side order of meatballs $ 4.99 garlic fries and meatballs were amazing ! ! ! ! meatballs were fresh , if your a meatball lover please do yourself a favor and visit this place for a bite . gellato was also amazing chocolate and coconut were both very tasty for desert . beautiful layout in the beautiful wynn atmosphere which has a deck to eat on near a waterfall and nice lights . inside was very easy going also , which have some tv 's to watch your favorite sports on . good stuff must visit trust me you will love it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped by the pizza place for a snack to keep our tummies content until buffet time . we ordered a slice of cheese pizza but for some reason got veggie . they ask you to upgrade to the meal deal so we got the garlic knots . the meal deal does not include a drink so it is an additional $ 3.75 for a soda . not impressed with none of the food at all . the pizza was oily and the garlic knots were too bready and plain . although the soda was expensive , it is refillable at the counter . the cappuccino gelato i had was alright . the pluses to this place is the outside patio seating next to the waterfall and free wifi . with a view like that , i feel they should be serving up something better than pizza . or at least good pizza .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have to say this about the best pizza i have had to date . compared to the rest of vegas and the wynn , the prices are pretty reasonable . i ordered two pizzas within 4 hours of each other and split a banana split while waiting for the second which was also tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a slice of meatball pizza for $ 6 , and it was large , crispy and tasty . the service was very friendly . you can sit inside and watch tv , or go outside and watch pretty fountain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "c'mon ... inexpensive food with a 5-star setting . how unpretentious ! i do n't even know if the pizza was good because we were hungry as heck ! we ate everything and could not believe the wynn resort would devote this view to this type of restaurant . it is hard enough to find an inexpensive meal on the strip but here you can enjoy the waterfalls and evening 'thunderstorms ' . loved it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quick , reasonably inexpensive food . lines can be a drag if you are in a hurry . pizza was better than i expected . outdoor seating by the man made water fall was nice . in a hurry and need a quick bite- hit them up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thin large pizza . this is what the place is all about . beautifully located in the wynn shops , it is an ideal place to get lunch . however , with its inflated prices and lack of zest in the pizza ; i shall not be returning . the pizza had no cheese on it . i do not like parmesan on my pizza ( only red peppers ) , but i had to cover my pizza up with the `` fake '' cheese . disappointing . after paying 7 $ , i expected more than bread and red sauce . but if you were desperate like me , and ca n't wait to go to another place ... then pizza place is a decent stop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the price for a slice is about $ 6 but it is a big slice and great value , especially for the wynn . there are tv 's where you can catch sports and plenty of tables . the pizza itself is drenched in oil but i used a napkin to soak it up . after i took a bite i have to admit that the pizza was tasty . it is n't the best pizza you 'll ever have but you 're in vegas paying $ 6 , what can you expect ? especially in the wynn . the smoothies are more expensive and gelato is also served here . they are fairly mediocre .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "big meaty and delicious wings ! got the 12 '' pizza meal deal a lot good food ! sat outside by the water beautiful view of the waterfalls .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a pizza place in the wynn . an interesting idea . if you need a quick bite or are looking to save some money this is a good place to eat . ideal for lunch . the views of the water features outside are great . the pizza is good . not quite authentic new york , but its as close as you are going to get any where near the west coast . i tried the carne with pepperoni , sausage and ham . it was pretty good . the crust is super thin . i also tried the garlic knots . they are just ok . they lack that strong garlic flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "always a stop when we 're in town . get the carne meal deal and do n't forget the sangria . only down side is the reserved signs on all the tables can be confusing . they 're just to keep non-customers out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised at the good reviews of others . it was ok pizza and definitely true to `` ny style '' pizza . but big floppy slices are not worth $ 10 . my friend and i each got one slice ( that 's plenty of food btw ) and a coke . total bill was $ 22 . i thought the crust was a little too thin and it was definitely oily . yes , with ny style pizza you usually have to sop up the oil with a couple of napkins ( some people think that 's part of the experience ) but having to do that here reminded me that that 's one thing i do n't like about ny style pizza . maybe i would have had a better experience with a different dish .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "oh , mr. wynn ... you lure me in to this establishment with your promises of new york style pizza of the same caliper as your hotel , and what i found instead was practically inedible . i took one bite of my vegetarian slice and knew i was n't at lombardi 's in little italy . heck , i was n't even at johnnie 's on santa monica blvd . an extra star because it 's a very nice joint to dine in ( for a pizza place ) , service is friendly , and if you time it right you can watch not only nfl football and world series baseball , but george brett going ballistic on espn classic .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here for the fries that used to be stellar . ended up getting grease logged potato sticks . sent them back and they sent me the same fries just reheated in the microwave . so disappointed . i will never return here and will tell all my friends that i once recommended to this place about the bad news .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "on our last night in vegas , we wanted a place outdoors ( because the weather was a perfect 80 degrees ) , quick ( because we were starving ) , and relatively inexpensive ( because we had been gambling and spent quite a bit the night before on a fancy dinner and club experience ) . this place met all our needs ! the pizza was delicious and pretty filling . this is what we ordered for 8 people : pizza : - 22 '' meat - 12 '' pesto - 12 '' veggie 3 orders of the garlic knots ( 3 in an order ) order of garlic fries the amount of food was just enough for all of us and cost us about $ 12 each ( not including drinks ) . the fries were pretty good but the knots were pretty dry ( even when dipped in marinara ) . you can eat inside or outside by the waterfall . we sat outside and by a tv so the guys could watch the world series", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to this place when my husband and i first moved here over a year ago . we sat inside but close enough to have a view of the waterfall outside . we ordered 2 slices of regular cheese because if you can make something so simple be amazing , the other options must be good too ! we also ordered the rice sticks because my husband is a fiend for rice balls and that 's basically what it was . ( not the traditional with meat , peas , and risotto . these were just cheesy risotto goodness . ) everything was wonderful and the decor was so cute . definitely want to go back soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not great pizza , but then again i do n't like ny style thin crust . went here twice - ham & pineple . the second trip i ordered sangria and sat outside watching the waterfall , which was really nice . they dont have a bunch of pizzas sitting around and sold by the slice . you order at the counter , and wait with a little metal sign clip with your # on it . it was a great opportunity to enjoy my table outside with my book for company , and the waterfall for ambience . not expensive . they also had gellato , however i did n't indulge . good if you have cranky kids in tow : ) lucky for me , this is not the case ( i left my bf at home ) hehehe", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the pizza here is just so-so . they claim to have excellent new york style pizza that rivals the east coast , but they fall far far far short of that mark . we tried the carne and the meatball . both were alright . nothing spectacular . if the pizza were cheaper and if they were n't making such huge claims , i probably would have tacked on another star .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you are tired of spending $ 100 a meal at the wynn encore then this is a great place . pizza and salads are basic really good food . you can sit outside and have a great view . prices are really reasonable for what you get . great place to eat when you are looking for a pizza to help your hangover .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "si vous avez chaud et que vous n'est pas adepte de la climatisation , d\u00e9p\u00eachez vous ! ! ! pour vous rafraichir pr\u00e8s de la cascade du pizza place . mais soyez tr\u00e8s rapide ou chanceux car les places en terrasse pr\u00e8s de celle-ci sont tr\u00e8s tr\u00e8s ch\u00e8res . ( voir photo ci-dessous ) et pour ce qui est du d\u00e9jeuner , mon sandwich \u00e9tait parfaitement garni et tr\u00e8s bon . seul regret c'est les piments dans la garniture , un peu trop en mon go\u00fbt . la salade \u00e9tait tr\u00e8s fraiche et bien assaisonn\u00e9e . le pain ( garlic knots ) \u00e9tait hyper gras et 4eur pour 3 petits morceaux \u00e7a fr\u00f4le le vol . ( voir photo ci-dessous ) ( voir photo ci-dessous ) ce qui est top , c'est la boisson \u00e0 volont\u00e9 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "grade : f small hairs in our gelato . gross . so very gross . pizza was good , new york style . cheese pizza , meaty , & mushroom pizzas were all fine but our experience was ruined after finding hair on our gelato . wow . complained nicely to the main food manager , matthew , and he was very professional & understanding . he gave us a food credit for the mishap , but as it was a sanitary issue , there is just no excuse from a 5-star venue . i will write a separate review on wynn which will include the prompt response from matthew . people will eat here nevertheless , as it 's easy , quick and affordable . but just make sure you look at your food before you eat ! restaurants are hard and these things happen everywhere , but when you are a part of a 5-star establishment , the standards are higher . look before you eat is all i have to say ! ick !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "located in the wynn esplanade ( shopping area ) . closest to the south entrance off the strip near the pedestrian bridges of palazzo and fashion show mall . it 's a nice place with an upscale cafe deli atmosphere . there is additional seating outside on the patio overlooking a large waterfall . all of the flat screen tv 's are tuned into sports which is nice if you want to catch the game . oh yeah , free wi-fi and it is blazing fast ! a fairly decent choice of foods . deserts . next time i might try the gelato or a sundae . salads . sandwiches . pizza . sides . the buffalo wings and garlic knots looked good . soup . coffee . beer . wine . the grilled chicken wrap was tasty . it came with a choice of fries or house salad . with a bottled water the total was $ 16 . it is a bit pricey , but affordable in comparison to most of the other dining options at the wynn encore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped here on a couple of occasions during our stay at the wynn . the first time we only wanted dessert and opted for the gelato . we 've only had gelato a couple times , but this was good and very refreshing on a hot vegas day . the second time we visited we had lunch . we decided to split a caesar salad and each get a slice of their new york-style pizza . everything came out at the same time , which was find with us . the salad was chilled and the pizza was hot , both like they should be . my wife had the cheese pizza and i had the carne pizza ( basically a meat-lovers ) . they also had soups and sandwiches on the menu , but as the name says they are known for the pizza . the atmosphere is very casual with about a dozen tvs . there is both indoor and outdoor seating , with the outdoor seating having a view of a waterfall and pond ( not the lake of dreams like a previous review said ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pizza ! thin crust with the perfect amount of cheese . love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did not expect anything of this pizza place . we were hungry but not that much as we wanted to splurge on high-profile restaurants . so we dropped by this place and i was surprised . i had a slice of pesto and carne . the carne was just ok , but the pesto was very good . 3 stars . the service was slow , but outside tables by the side of the water falls were very nice , so i will add another star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the place is cute and has great decor . i really felt like eating some pizza after our long journey from one end of the strip to the other : ) . what we ordered : the carne pizza ( sausage , peporoni , ham , and cheese ) cucumber salad tomato soup coconut gelato all of it was very good ! there is plenty of seating outside and inside the little cafe . we spent about 30.00 bucks all together and they also had a military discount . the pizza is thin crust and had just the right amount of sauce . it was fresh , hot , and tasted great ! a little pricey but hey what do you expect it 's the wynn in vegas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good pizza and great service . if you 're in the wynn and want a quick meal head here . the gelato is good too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "location location ! inside the beautiful wynn is a casual place where you can sit on a wonderful patio by the waterfall , and at night the heaters hang right over your table giving warmth to everyone ! food- had just a simple plate of tomato slices with mozzarella cheese and balsamic- it was a very tasty late night treat that did not feel like i was eating `` bad '' ! ! i will definitely be back - great spot , clean , uses real silverware and service is very friendly and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , did n't have the pizza so i ca n't recommend it ... but i did have the andes mint chocolate gelatto and it was super good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my group dined here as a break from all the baller restaurants and buffets . but this place did not live up to my wynn standards . - pizza was difficult to cut . the thin crust was not crispy , but was tough and chewy - calzones were ... . interesting . sauce is served on the side , which i would n't mind , but the inside is just loaded with cheese . i did n't appreciate the imbalance ; the rest of the filling flavours were overwhelmed by inordinate amounts of dairy . - salad was inadequate . poorly adorned and looking like something i could have picked up at the gas station . i will admit , that the balsamic vinaigrette is delicious , but i always like balsamic . - seating large parties in this restaurant is difficult because there were only small round tables available during our visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the first thing to know going in is that the portions are huge ! when we went , they were running a special of a slice of pizza , sundae , and a drink for $ 12.50 . this is one of the best deals we found during our weekend on the strip . thankfully , the food is also really tasty . the sauce was great , and all of the gelato was excellent . the staff was very friendly , and there is a nice ( and possibly romantic ) view of two waterfalls on the wynn property .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "steve wynn himself threw down the gauntlet on the in-room tv service when he scoffed at being compared to new york style pizza , and said he was setting out to do one better . when you make that kind of claim , you better back it up , or at least make it respectable . nope . serving a slice of pizza as big as your head does n't make it good . the pizza reeked of that same old game : `` we try to be like ny pizza but we fail miserably at it . '' it 's infinitely more disappointing than a bad pizza shop that does it their own way . but if you 're doing to imitate something , at least get it right . anyway , the one saving grace is that their chicken wings were actually good ! very good amount of heat , more than i expected , and they were at least a bit crispy - something that shocked me . out here i 've become used to the sogfests that they try to pass off as `` crispy '' wings !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the slice of carne ( pepporoni , sausege and cappy happy ) is the simply delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a well kept secret of the wynn . not only is it decently priced but the selections are spectacular . try the wings , perhaps the best in the city . i was actually there on a casual date and was worried that it might seem a bit to casual . it turned out to be the right amount of amiance for getting to know someone . the place lends itself to great conversation and a good time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great ny style pizza . expensive of course as it is at the wynn , but was good . nice views of their waterfall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really liked this place because of the decor ambiance . it reminded me of real pizza places in europe - as with everything at wynn encore , it is extremely beautiful . the pizza was good - not as good as nyc , despite steve wynn 's declarations to the contrary - but def good . enjoyed an icy cold peroni in a frosted glass - love that attention to detail . place looks out on the man-made waterfall and river , which is lovely and relaxing . also , liked the visit i had with a duck . staff was super friendly - as with all staff i encountered at wynn encore .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good pizza with a great setting at the wynn . the most affordable place at the wynn , yet does n't sacrifice on taste . a must if you want some quality food real quick . i had the veggie pizza with garlic fries and a coke . it was excellent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza was just ok. have high expectations when places try to beat new york pizza . ice cream also was ok. have had better gelato . think it was more ice cream than gelato . the best thing i got was the argula salad with prosciutto . would definitely go back for that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pros : - pizza made fresh upon ordering . - pretty dining indoor and outdoor area . - friendly service . - fresh pizza . thin crust with great flavor . - reasonably priced . cons : - pizza made fresh upon order = there will be a little wait before your food is brought out it 's all right . it 's just pizza . they serve gelato here , too . there is a patio where you can be seated next to a waterfall as far as i know , but it was kinda chilly out , so , no thanks . overall , a nice joint for a quick meal . hrmm..the fries look good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the only place to get vegan pizza and it 's amazing ! ! ! nice place to sit and enjoy your day . there 's a beautiful man made waterfall and lake out in the view .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just wanted a quick bite . ordered the meatball calzone ( 15-20 min wait ) . so to kill time i got a scoop of the cherry yogurt gelato . very good ! service was good , staff is very nice . meatball calzone was good and tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was okay . i had the chicken sandwich , which was pretty dry . i had to ask for a side a ranch just to swallow it . their chicken wings were super spicy , but pretty good . as for their french fries , tasted old . it was n't crispy at all . sandwiches are around $ 12 or so . i did n't get the chance to try their pizza .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i love this random pizzeria restaurant in the wynn hotel in las vegas . they not only have really good pizza that 's true to new york style , but they also have ... -breakfast and brunch -good salads -great desserts including gelato -other italian sandwiches -free wifi for hotel guests -really good sangria -patio seating with waterfall garden views it 's out-the-ass expensive ... but it 's vegas , what do you expect ? lunch deal is pretty good -- slice of your choice ( any variety ) and a side ( either salad , fries , or garlic knots ) for $ 8 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was seriously one of the best meals i 've had in a loooonggg time ! i was thoroughly impressed . the atmosphere is sophisticated and romantic . i love the bookshelves and the tables they place in between them for privacy . the service was very professional and there was always someone there when you needed a refill or your plate cleared . they also gave me a gigantic elcaire since it was my birthday and a photograph which was a little strange , but very nice . i ordered the surf and turf . both were done perfectly . we also had the voodoo shrimp for an appetizer . you would think bacon wrapped anything would be delicious in itself , but add some curry and you have perfection . although this meal put a bit of a dent in the wallet , i believe it was well worth it . i 'll be visiting don 's again in the near future . i also would suggest reservations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this restaurant is better than most , but for a $ 90 meal ( 2 entrees and two glasses of wine ) , i would have expected more . i had four well prepared sauteed scallops . they were served with lobster mashed potatoes with a garnish of sprouts . the mashed potatoes were `` pasty '' . i can not believe that they were freshly prepared mashed potatoes . there was no vegetable . my wife had the pretzel covered walleye with roasted sweet potatoes . she got a vegetable , which was ill prepared brussel sprouts . the sprouts should have been par boiled before they were roasted . despite the nice service and ambiance , i did n't think the value of the meal approached", "score": "3"}
{"review": "most of the time , i wish yelp had a a half star . now , i wish yelp had an extra 5 stars . we were on the road between nyc & chicago . the cats were scared shitless back at the red roof inn and were desperate for good food . we 'd spent the day on the road with two crying cats in our crammed corolla and , did i mention we were sick of rest stop food ? we were looking for a place called `` vuuduu '' that had just opened . we never found it , but we did find heaven 's patio . don 's house was incredible . it was dusk in early summer & the back patio was the perfect place to have an incredible meal , have some strong drinks and forget 500 miles of driving . the food itself was mind-blowing . honestly , it was 4 months ago , so i do n't remember what we ate , but i do remember enjoying an absolutely incredible meal . a meal so good it makes you gush to the manager , the hostess & even the valet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place for a business lunch break from work . we ate in the pub ( in the basement ) , and we enjoyed all of our meals . nice atmosphere and quick service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wo n't be going back . took a client there for lunch , and was embarrassed ; had to make apologies for the small portions . we ordered a georges bay scallop lunch entree ( $ 17 ) , which only had 2 medium sized scallops on the plate and a scoop of risotto . nothing else . no garnish . just a white plate with a lot of white food on it . unappetizing , at best . i ordered the scallop salad ( $ 14.50 ) , and it was the same thing ... lots of greens , and only 2 scallops . granted , the scallops were perfectly prepared , but at these prices , i at least expected to see 3 scallops on a lunch portion . plus , i ordered soup , which the waitress completely forgot to bring . the restaurant itself has been refurbished , but it 's still `` historic '' and filled with blue hairs . it is not a good value , and they do n't offer anything unique or interesting . that was my last visit there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first let me say that at this restaurant , you get what you pay for . portions are fair and the food is excellent quality . i had the short-rib which had the perfect amount of tenderness , but still holds together . it is seasoned perfectly ( not too light but not heavy at all ) the rest of the table was very satisfied as well . this is some of the best service i 've ever seen . very friendly and attentive . ( we had christina ) we also sat in the pub which is very cozy , and comfortable . i strongly recommend dons for any special occasion .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "would love to be able to give a review of the food but , after over ten minutes sitting downstairs at the pub we still had not had a waitress even so much as greet us . it was not by any means packed and plenty of wait staff were visible . with service this poor we did n't stick around .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "no reservations for the patio . show up 20-30 min early . food was outstanding i got the surf and turf and it was great along with a long island . they do not have a drink menu but have a wine listing . they can make just about anything you ask for drink wise but watch out they are strong", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food took entirely too long . visited it 2 times in one month ( had gift certificates ) . then , everything was just so so . i had made a special request . waitress did n't write it down . order was not correct . highly overrated by strongsville residents . we really need a nice , unique restaurant , but this ai n't it !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went to the pub at dons pomeroy house and had the most wonderful meal . everyone had something different and everyone thoroughly enjoyed themselves . on my next trip to cleveland we will definitly be going back for dinner again . service was outstanding ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding food and great atmosphere the clambake is outstanding . best patio around", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a lost reservation last saturday . when we arrived , the staff did everything they could to accommodate us . we were seated quickly and proceeded to have a wonderful dinner . the french onion soup is delicious ; mellow onions with homemade bread and just the right amount of savory melted cheese on top . the chilean sea bass was light , flaky and buttery . peanut butter pie for dessert was decadent . overall a wonderful dinner with great service in a beautiful building . we will certainly be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think that this is the greatest local place around . i have been going here for years and we always sit in the pub the ladies down there are the greatest . we love our waitress jannette . thanks nick and dave", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food . my steak is always done perfectly . they also have a beautiful outside patio with great lighting and such . it 's the perfect spot to chill at in the summer . all around great food and excellent service by all the staff . i went once on mother 's day and they had hundreds of flowers that they were giving away to every single mom which was really nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good fine dining ! you ca n't go wrong no matter what you order at don 's ! this place never disappoints . if you are looking to dine at peak times you will need to make a reservation as you might not be able to get in without one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today i had the most delicious salmon dinner . awesome with spinach pumpkin seeds with a touch of the most tasty tomato sauce . i ca n't wait to go back . this restaurant never fails to have quality food . also my salmon was sooooo fresh . great place . highly recommend it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding atmosphere and service . our server ... wish i remembered his name , gave us just the right amount of service without being over bearing.we ordered the special that evening and it was out of this world ! the roasted brussel sprouts were the best i 've ever tasted . i ordered the wedge salad but it was made with roasted romaine ... oh my gosh delish ! we sat in the lovely library room . i really felt pampered by the end of the evening . highly recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great atmosphere , great service . i 've never had a bad meal at don 's pomeroy . their menu has a great range of items , which is great for when i go to dinner with picky eaters or people with dietary restrictions . it is a little bit pricy , but the quality is well worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come to this area from california maybe once a year . i make sure i always come to this restaurant at least one time during my visit . the dinner and wine ( reasonably priced ) were excellent ! our server was the best ... jennifer did an excellent job ! the next time i am back i will definitely ask for her again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my bf took me here for my birthday this weekend and i really enjoyed the food ! ! the scallops , salmon , and crab cake were amazing ! the only complaint i sort of had was our server was an older man and when we first got there it seemed like he did n't wan na be there or really serve us.. when i was done with my dinner he asked us what the occasion was and he came out with a eclair cake and wished me happy bday which was really nice but i wish his attitude was a little better when we got there . great food and great romantic atmosphere !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice now and both times were absolutely perfect . on our first visit the waiter recommended a craft beer which ended up being a new favorite that i now regularly purchase . we struck up a short conversation with our waiter discussing how we had recently moved to the area . as a result , he bought us a delicious dessert which made us feel so welcomed and grateful . they took us on a tour and explained the history of the fabulous historic building . on our second trip here , my fianc\u00e9 proposed ! the staff was amazing . they provided us with a private dining room at no additional cost and made sure our night was absolutely perfect . after we finished dinner , we went into the pub in the basement which was so charming . the atmosphere is so desirable and i love that we have a place like this in strongsville !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ate in the pub . nice atmosphere , good food and friendly , attentive service . it was nice to be able to order from either the pub menu or the main dining menu . they opened at 5 and we arrived at 540 to already have a 30 minute wait . the place was packed after being open only 40 minutes . i had the steak oscar . was done nicely and had great flavor . mashed potatoes were tastey , as was asparagus . i still have a soft spot in my heart for hyde park ... but this review is for don 's . i 'll definitely go back and try the short ribs next time . side note to restaurant manager , get rid of the sugar packets and advertisment flyers in the middle of the table . at a table of four with a party of four this left little rooms for sides , rolls , drinks , etc ... also it 's pretty tacky . reminds me of tgifridays or a place of that calaber .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food is just so-so . this place is overrated . there are some really great restaurants in cleveland , but this is just a regular sunday-dinner family joint .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice restaurant but pricey . the pub is more reasonable . save for a special occasion . food very nice and staff friendly . i remember in junior high our class took a trip to see the antebellum mansion when it was being restored .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great appetizers - we had the brussels sprouts w bacon , crab dip and ahi tuna . the soup ( seafood w tomato base ) was delicious , as well . i was a little disappointed with the surf n turf ... the 6 oz . filet was not quite rear as i ordered , and the lobster could have been fresher , especially given the price tag . all in all , good meal for a business dinner , with a decent wine selection , formal ( but not stuffy ) ambiance and friendly and attentive staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "took my husband here for his birthday . this is definitely one of our new favorite places . everything was incredible-the service and food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love the tremont farmers market . i work nearby and really look forward to stopping on my way home . i stopped yesterday and was not disappointed . i picked up some veggies , artisan cheese , pasta from ohio city pasta , fancy syrup to put into my cocktails ( can you say jalapeno lime ? ) and lastly , a blueberry lavender lemon ice pop from popsmith . that was the highlight of my trip . come on out and pay them a visit . they may be small but they have a lot to offer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it may be little ... .but this market has punch ! a cupcake truck ( salted caramel cupcake , mmm ) , pizza oven truck , crepe truck ... .spices , fresh fruits and veggies , the world 's most fragrant popcorn , cheese , plenty of meat options ( bison bratwurst ? ! ) ... .i have to say my expectations have been exceeded . add in the fact that a number of great restaurants bars coffee shops are within walking distance , and just found yourself a lovely tuesday afternoon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worth a visit even if you do n't like buying vegetables , like myself . i went mostly to purchase some blaze hot sauce , which is amazing . at $ 8.95 a bottle , you can get flavors like mango habanero , avacado jalepeno , hot curry and more . delicious and flavorful . tremont digs also has a stand and there 's some really cool , unique plants here . a couple other vendors have small plants for sale , mostly herbs . there 's some great people watching here in lincoln park , too . hula hoopers are always fun to watch , especially adults .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a small farmers market with lots of tasty products for sell . vendors are very kind and helpful with shopping . the prices are reasonable as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the vendors are great this year , i come every tuesday ! try the lucky penny creamery goat cheese , the sausage and all the fresh produce is great . there are amazing perogies and pizza , and a new mobile boutique truck ! i can never make it by 5:30 for yoga but it looks like fun .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great idea..love farmers markets . supporting local farmers is great . just dont understand why stuff that comes from right around here cost so much ? lincoln electric has amish farmers here every week selling fresh veggies and its half the price . guess people who build $ 300,000 houses in tremont dont mind paying for convience..lol..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this market is small but it 's all local and organic . come for dinner and grab a brick-oven pizza from a vendor , and some fresh greens and pastured meat to cook during the week . on nice evenings , there are usually performers or yoga and people picnicking in the park . i 'm not a big meat eater , but i think the smokies and sausages from the fresh eatery are top-notch . it 's all local and grass-fed , and they have some unique and delicious flavors like sriracha smokies .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's nice to know that we can get fresh veggies throughout the week instead of going to wal-mart and their crappy selection . plus , they have music and other fun stuff going on to make it an enjoyable experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best pressure washing outfit in las vegas ! they came out on a short notice to clean my driveway , patio and pool deck before a graduation party and it turned out great . very courteous and affordable . i highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great job , great service , affordable and showed up on time . property looks super clean .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason did a fantastic job on our driveway . hoa was complaining about a few marks and stains . he came out next day and was done within an hour . driveway is now spotless . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a letter from our hoa to remove oil stains in our driveway . i hired this company to come out and remove the stains . they charged me $ 90 to power wash my driveway . the stains were not completely removed . so since the stains were not removed , i 'm going to have to hire somebody to sandblast the driveway costing me more money . the guy showed up on time and was nice . however , after explaining to him my situation and that the spots needed to be completely removed per the hoa , he should 've tried to clean a small area first to see if he could completely remove the spots . if he could n't remove the spots then charge me a small fee for coming out but instead he cleaned the entire driveway and still charged me the full $ 90 , oil spots still remaining . it 's my fault for assuming ! ! lesson learned . but he 's the professional and i 'm just a woman thinking that power washing would do the job right ? nope !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in need of someone to get rid of severe stains on a brick wall from possible water damage , i called and talked to jason who was very honest and knowledgeable . he also referred me to another company that might better assist me . he took the time and went the extra mile to help even though he knew his company was n't right for my job ! great business man in my book !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy i decided to use vegas island power washing for our driveway . hoa started complaining about the oil stains and i do n't have the skill nor patience to do it myself . called jason and right away he helped me make an appointment that worked for both of us . even when i had to reschedule , he was still very accommodating . the entire process took maybe 20-30 minutes and the driveway came out amazing ! far better than i expected . thanks to jason for the awesome job he did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason came out and did my driveway and walk way yesterday afternoon and i could n't be happier ! driveway had some grease stains as well as tire markings and just usual grime and dirt . within a half hour jason had my driveway looking brand new . my wife came home and said it looked like someone had painted it , that is how clean he got it ! i had an appointment at 1:00pm and he called at 12:25pm and said he was on his was over . arrived at 12:45pm and immediately got to work . excellent work and customer service and very fair pricing . going to use this service again in two weeks to do the concrete in my yard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful experience ! not only do they do great work at an affordable rate , they have great customer service - our driveway looks as good as new ! they are definitely the go-to guys for pressure washing here in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason did a fantastic job , professional , and prompt in cleaning our walkway and clean up in the garage .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jason and his co-worker did an awesome job on my front entryway , driveway and entire back yard patio . jason came out to my house and gave me an honest and fair quote and then a few days later they came back to do the pressure washing -- everything is super clean and i will definitely use them again without a doubt . they are very conscientious and make certain you are a satisfied customer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly staff , they speak both english and spanish which is very convenient . they are up to date with technology . i will never look for another dentist , i am very happy with all my dental work . el personal es muy amable , hablan ingl\u00e9s y espa\u00f1ol lo que es muy conveniente . ellos est\u00e1n al d\u00eda con la tecnolog\u00eda . nunca voy a buscar otro dentista , estoy muy contenta con los resultado de mi trabajo dental . thank you much dr. otteson , you and your staff are awesome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they work with you for payments and are great with explaining all procedures for you that way you have options and are not left in limbo . i had two minor fillings that were quick and did n't need the numbing . will be coming here from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i walked into the location today as a new patient in hopes of getting treatment done on my cracked filling . the staff was more than helpful in getting me see asap . thank you so much ! i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so happy i found this place that can get me in as soon as possible . i have n't been to the dentist since 2011 and i recently started to experience teeth ache . it 's super clean and the staff is so sweet . you should definitely try out this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a special thanks to dr. tuttle who did a perfect job on my last filling , and eased my nervousness about not having been able to get numb last time . he even gave me a filling for free ! this place is clean , efficient , and the prices are unbeatable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean and friendly place . .i felt very welcomed . the initial consult was easy and informational . i enjoyed my visit , and even more looking forward to a great smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been very happy with my experiences at risas . i got braces put on in december , so i 've been going every 6 weeks . the office is clean , well-organized and efficient . everyone is friendly and the staff seems to have almost no turnover so i get the same people each time . dr. wright is great , i have a lot of confidence that my teeth are going to look so good when this is over . also you ca n't beat the prices of braces as well as dental checkups and cleanings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really great clean place , and friendly staff . i love the fact that they are fluent in both spanish and english-super convenient . they also always have convenient appointment times available that can work with anyone 's schedule . you really ca n't go wrong with getting your braces done here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here after not seeing a dentist in about 20 years or so . dr. badall and the rest of the assistants and office staff were amazing , and never made me feel uncomfortable about anything . every detail was explained and every payment option was broken down . i had a wisdom tooth extracted and now i 'm a regular who actually loves going to the dentist . great place with amazing people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for the first time today . this group is amazing and they are really fair on thier prices ! looking forward to doing more buisness with risas dental ! doctor otteson is honest and he will make sure your taken care of . the rest of the group joey and olga were extreamly helpful and polite ! great environment to come and get work done !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "friendly and helpful staff . dr. badall and marisol are awesome ! definitely coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would rate this 100 stars.. it deserves it . the jam is an absolute blast . it 's the only thing that keeps me active . the group of amazing ladies that run it . the music . the dancing . the sweating . it 's an amazing fitness routine . i recommend it to any one ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do you like to dance ? do you like great music ? do you like to feel like a badass and forget your troubles for at least an hour ? the jam is not just a dance class , it 's a network of awesome people who will be a force for good in your life . go there . get your head right , get your body right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite workout ! it 's so much fun you 'll forget you 're `` working out '' which is really the only way i 'll stick with it long term . mega mixtape is my favorite class - 90 minutes of dance cardio to all genres of music , from hip hop to latin to show tunes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you love to dance ( regardless of skill level ) - the jam : clt is the place for you ! ! ! the music is loud , the energy is contagious , and erica is a badass . wherever she teaches - you 'll find me ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no better way to have fun and burn some calories . the jam : clt has great classes that will keep you wanting more . erica 's positive energy makes you smile and laugh and keeps you going through all the routines . i needed something to break up the boring gym visits to the treadmill . so glad for the jam : clt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pizza place ! i 've been hearing a lot of good things about levetto . a must get is the peking duck pizza , it really does taste like the real thing ! the carbonara pasta is also tasty , but we were too full to finish it so we took the rest home . there is limited seating so best to come early or on a weekday .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a pretty big fan of levetto . i 've been to all of the downtown locations . this chinatown spot has only been open for about a month and a half and serves the `` famous '' peking duck pizza ... the duck skin should be crispier . aside from that , the pasta and the mushroom pizza are just as good as i remember . the one surprise was the brown butter coconut cake . damn , that was so good . i do n't normally eat desserts but this one was definitely worth a mention .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "levetto 's chinatown pizzeria might seem like an unusual location , but for those near the busy downtown core it makes for a great lunch or dinner option . carb-filled pasta and pizza delights can be combined with salads and desserts to create a satisfying meal that is not too heavy on the wallet . keeping things consistent with their other locations , this shop has a nice view of the street and features a nice combination of bench and wooden tables and seating . the atmosphere is quite nice and relaxing and the staff are very chilled out and friendly . your order will arrive quite promptly depending on how many customers are ahead of you . it 's a comfortable and affordable place to dine that i thoroughly enjoy . for just $ 8.50 , a small pollo toscano pizza is the perfect pick me up . i must try the peking duck pizza next time i drop in .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes simplicity is best . take levetto 's pizza and pasta concept . fresh made high quality food at an affordable price . who does n't appreciate hand made pasta ? the menu includes classic italian dishes like rigatoni and carbonara . i had the carbonara , which was beautifully plated , huge portioned ( bowls not plates ) , and absolutely delicious . on to the pizza ... .where to start ... .the peking duck is the most popular on the menu . with the restaurant sitting on the edge of chinatown , you can see where the influence comes from just by looking out the window . this has to be the most unusual and messy pizza i have ever tried , but somehow it works . it 's quite genius actually . just be advised , grab a ton napkins ! although recently opened , levetto has the makings of a successful long standing restaurant . a solid 4.5 from this guy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "delicious pizza , reasonably priced in a lovely location ! came by for lunch with a colleague and got the funghi pizza ( portobello , oyster & cremini mushrooms with mascarpone , roasted garlic crema ) and it was amazing ! the crust was incredibly fluffy ( a little too thick though ) , the shareable portion was huge and reasonably price . delicious pizza - would definitely recommend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is great ! we ordered the peking duck , salsiccia , funghi , and sopressata pizzas plus rigatoni . funghi & peking duck pizzas were our favorites ! ! the rest of the items were meh . if we could go back in time , we 'd order multiples of those 2 pizzas . ... i did go back to get the peking duck and funghi again . this time i went with someone who wanted less cheese and levetto was able to accommodate ( no cheese on half of the peking duck ) . i thought that was really nice of them . the staff are nice . you can now pay for your meal at the end ( it used to be order and pay before you sit ) . overall the pizzas are light and thin . it 's not your typical pizza crust . i prefer it this way because you do n't feel heavy after and the toppings shine brighter .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice little pizza place in the middle of chinatown . we ordered four different types of pizzas to share : the salsaccia , toscano , funghi , and the peking duck . the peking duck pizza had small shavings of duck , a sprinkle of cucumbers , and drenched in sweet paste sauce ( traditional peking duck sauce ) . as a result , the sauce really overpowered the tastes of all the other ingredients . the salsaccia and toscano were really typical of other comparable pizzerias . fresh ingredients and a solid dough mixture were definitely exemplified in each bite . the best was the funghi . as a fan of white sauce pizza s and mushrooms , this pizza did well to satisfy both my cravings . the creamyness of the white sauce base complemented well with the different mushrooms . service was a bit slow , so do n't expect too much !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was confused . on one hand , there is not much service , on the other hand they expect you to pay tips ? in fact , they ask for tips when you order . wtf ? got `` rigatoni '' . er , why do people eat this ? no veggies , no meat , just pasta with sauce for $ 14 + tax = $ 16 ? not a healthy choice , and too expensive . most other items on the menu were similar : pasta + sauce minus veggies minus meat . is it me or is it italians ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "chinatown would n't be my first choice to get italian food , and i 'm not normally a pizza person . but levetto is surprisingly good ! they have super fresh pasta and delicious pizza . the place is nice and bright with friendly staff . we got the blueberry dessert on the house and i 'd say it 's even better than the pizza ! it 's actually a chain with different locations . i 'd check the other ones out if i 'm craving for a pizza . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here after seeing a friend 's awesome food pic at this restaurant . we called to make sure there was seating available at 8 but was surprised to find out it was empty . we ordered and paid first before we seated ourselves . the food came 20 + mins later but one of the workers apologized for the delay as they forgotten our order due to a party in the back . they offered us dessert on house so i appreciate their kind service ... even though i did n't tip them . the food is however a bit disappointing considering the good ratings on yelp . i got the carbonara and paid $ 6.50 extra for the lobster add on . it was a bit too salty to my liking and tasted nothing special and mediocre ... i got the warm brown butter & coconut semolina cake - it 's a good blend of ingredients with pistachio and coconut but their loaf cake is way too sweet . on top of that , there was syrup which adds even more sweetness to it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service was very good , friendly . 3-5 over priced ( $ 15 ) for rigatonni . noodles overcooked , disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my review is based on the food i received via ubereats . since i 'm rating it 5 5 ... even after delivery the food was absolutely delicious . i 've walked by levetto many times and wanted to try but never got a chance . i actually tried it for the first time at the yelp event last week . we ordered the rigatoni and affumicato pizza . both were so good ! i love that there are 2 sizes for the pizza so you 're not forced to feel like you have to finish the medium . we 're always weary of ordering off ubereats because of the size always seems smaller with delivery but levetto packed a ton of pasta and of course you ca n't change the pizza side . i 'll definitely be back at this location in person to try more of their delicious food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place used to be amazing but came here recently for dinner and the food has slipped . the pasta is too salty ( the bacon i bet ) and the duck pieces on their peking duck pizza is smaller than trump 's wee-wee . what went wrong ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went there friday night for a margherita pizza for take out . comes in two sizes , small rectangle and large rectangle . order did n't take long as it was relatively early and they were n't too busy yet . the pizza looked great and ca n't complain about the taste . i 'm however not crazy about the focaccia crust that they use . to me it ends up being airy and dry . the middle soaks up the sauce , cheese but the outside does n't get much and dries up . if i were to guess , i 'd say the crust bread is baked or sourced somewhere else before hand and then assembled and baked again in the oven as the orders come . it makes sense , it simplifies things and speeds up the orders as only the cheese sauce needs to melt rather than bake the dough . i 'm just not sold on it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "levetto is awesome ! pastas are very good , filling but not heavy . the pecking duck pizza is very legit . you should also save room for their desserts ! so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza tastes like cardboard . please do n't waste your money on their pizza . it truly is disgusting . their pasta on the other hand is half decent . i used to frequently order it on uber eats for lunch at work . i liked it better before they raised their prices . they used to charge $ 11 for plain old pomodoro pasta and now it is $ 14 . their desserts are mediocre at best . this place is an okay lunch place but i would never want to be taken here on a date . the food is not worthy of sharing with somebody else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went for a bite after going to the art museum - nice mix and variety on the menu - salad , pasta , and pizza options - ordered a salad and two small pizzas at the counter and food was brought out - salad had good flavor and was worth the price but had a few pieces of greens that were in that soft mushy state - pizzas - had the duck and tomato olive pizzas - flavors were good on the toppings , dough was a little bread-like but overall a good just wanted a little more duck - staff was nice and worked hard to ensure a decent meal", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered one peking duck pizza and one pollo toscana and our order was forgotten . we waited ten minutes and kept looking into the ovens to see when it was going to be done . after seeing empty ovens for a while , we enquired only to find out that it had n't even been started yet . the genteman at the cash began helping the cook in the back . i write this about 17 minutes into my order and it still has n't arrived . not at all happy with the service considering the sudbury street location was fantastic . lastly , the music contained some rather offensive n word language . for an italian place ... . i would expect better . the one star is only from a service perspective . it smells good in here so i 'm sure the food is great . 22 minutes in and i 'm still waiting . follow up : the peking duck pizza was horrible . excessive amount of onions and loaded with way too much cheese . see photos", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went to the spadina location last night . excellent food . we ( three ) had the funghi pizza which was just superb . we also had the patate pizza and the taglietelle . the patate pizza was good too but pale in comparison to the funghi . the pasta was good but needed a little salt . overall , delicious , excellent portions and we were stuffed at the end . we also had the brown butter coconut cake because of the recommendations and it did not disappoint . will definitely go back . service was good too and a perfect pricepoint .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here for the second time last night and loved it . we split one pasta dish and one small pizza and that was more than enough food for a meal . the pizza was great ( we had the peking duck-the meat was delicious ) , but no more so than some of my other favourite pizza places . the pasta on the other hand was just fantastic . we had the buccatini with bacon and the noodles were so fresh . the dish had lots of flavour though i could have easily just eaten a bowl of the noodles by them self as well . we will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my best friend was visiting from another province , and i debated on where to take her . since levetto had really good reviews ( which are well deserved ) and an interesting take on peking duck , i decided to come try this place out . since there was only two of us , we shared the peking duck pizza and a salad . the salad was huge . there was nothing particularly special about it other than its size , but there 's no complaints coming from me about more food . while the peking duck pizza was clever and tasty , i thought there was an excessive amount of scallions on it . it really took away flavour from the rest of the pizza , so i ended up scraping most of the scallions off . otherwise , great new take on a cultural food ! i came right as it opened so we were the only customers at the time . service was friendly and quick . this location is a bit small , so i would n't recommend it for larger groups , but the food is definitely good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , super casual , amazing house made pasta , fresh ingredients and very accommodating in adding ingredients or substituting oooh and also is really affordable if you are in chinatown and you want really good italian food ( i know it 's sounds kind of funny ) levetto it 's the place to go", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was accidentally charged an extra $ 5 during my second visit . nicolas , one of the co-owners introduced himself and i was so impressed at the customer service i received . you can tell this is a new business and the entire team is working hard to ensure it is successful . they make sure you do n't leave the restaurant feeling anything but super happy . also should be noted , this is my first yelp review . it was that good of an experience . oh and some eye candy in the kitchen was nice too ; ) do i sign off in yelp ? - ashna oh shit - the food ! so good ! massive portions so well priced . the pasta is always good for 2 meals for me ! and i eat a lot . like 12 inch sub appetite . [ edit : i made a review in 2014 i forgot about . does n't count ]", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good and very affordable as well . i ordered a personal pizza , along with a pasta dish and the wait time was not long at all . the portions were larger than expected for the pastas though so i would be careful when ordering that , as it was pretty filling . the staff were nice and it was a pretty great experience overall , will definitely be coming back again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been to their other location in the past , let me tell you , it is equally good ! i love their pizza , it 's crushy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside . just absolutely perfection ! plenty of table and the service was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a little piece of heaven in toronto . unlike any other italian place i 've been to . the pizza crust is quite unique with square slices , and it 's filling yet light . the pasta is as fresh as it gets and gets made daily according to the staff . for the quality and taste you get the value for your money is high . everyone needs to try it out at least once ! spicy soppressata is my favourite !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the few places around here that i have seen serving roman style pizza . the crust is nice and airy as it is supposed to be and they have a good variety of toppings . the best part about the pizza is that it is not extremely greasy . levetto is located in the core of chinatown , where i was n't expecting to find a good pizza place . the atmosphere is nice and casual with good food ; would definitely recommend going there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "with everyone talking about the peking duck pizza , i had to give it a shot . we got both the peking duck pizza ( which is this location 's exclusive specialty item ) and the smoked prosciutto pizza . i thought that the peking duck pizza would just be a neat novelty but it was a delicious combination of sweet , savoury , and deliciously crispy duck skin ! it definately feels like i am eating the traditional dish with a nice twist to it ! the smoked prosciutto pizza was also very good . the sweet date sauce added another dimension to the smokey and salty prosciutto . it was a great treat . to add a cherry on top of the incredible meal thus far , they gave us two complimentary panna cotta . which was delicious in my opinion because i love cinnamon . overall this was a nice experience of causal italian dining with a specialty item to die for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love the pasta carbonara , ordered this each of the two visits . the saltiness and richness of the pasta dish really reminded me a dish back home . what they can really improve upon is to serve filtered water in the already fantasic chilled bottles and to unified the portioning of the pastas . though portioning difference is n't very big , it sometimes irks me . i will definiately revisit this location as a regular whenever i get ths chance . strongly recommend everything ! i am very excited to explore the menu..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could , i would have given this place 6 stars ! the food was delicious and exceeded my expectations . i had very high standards for this meal as levetto was recommended by a friend . he brought us for dinner last night and ordered romaine salad , fungi and peking duck pizza and bucatini and carbonara pasta for us to share . they were very accommodating as we had someone in our group that does n't eat cheese dairy . they put the cheese on the side of the pasta and only put cheese on half of the pizza . the portions were quite generous and the flavors on point ! coming from nyc , i have to say , the pizza and pasta are solid . we all enjoyed our meal and appreciated how fast the food came out and how fresh everything was . the chili oil complimented the pastas really well and loved how fluffy and thick the crust of the pizzas are . i would definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went as a group of two people on friday evening . it 's a relatively small italian restaurant serving a good selection of salad , pizza and pasta . we ordered misticanza , funghi and rigatoni . all of them were delicious , especially the pizza ( funghi ) , really well made . the staffs were friendly , although i find the service a little lacking . during our visit , they probably forgot our salad dish and had it served at the very end ( which was supposed to be our appetizer ) , and when the dish came up , they mistook our table as someone else 's . also , just when we were almost done with our food , they came up to our table and asked if everything we ordered was served . however , despite all these incidences , they had offered us a free dessert at the end as a compensation . overall , i liked the food here and the atmosphere at the restaurant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic pizza and pasta . one of the best i 've ever tried . the dishes had a nice meat to pasta pizza ratio . you can also tell their ingredients are top notch ( literally the smell of freshness hits you as you walk into the door ) . the service was also second to none . as others have noted , one of the owners came by to make sure all was well and even offered a small treat for our little one . highly recommend the peking duck pizza and any of the pastas . we will definitely be back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and great service . i 've visited a few times with my friends , and the pasta is a particular favourite of ours whenever we go ( especially the carbonara - made as it should be with eggs folded in at the end and not with cream ) . order at the bar , have a seat while you wait for your food to be prepared and brought to you , and have your tastebuds ready . ca n't go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "levetto est un bon restaurant . j'ai mange le rigatoni , et c'etait tres bon . il etait enorme ! mes amis ont mange les pizzas , et les pizzas ont semble savoureuse . je vais revenir quand je serai proche .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "levetto is a fabulous casual eats restaurant just north of kensington . they have a nice focused menu offering italian food at reasonable prices . i had the peking duck pizza and my friend had a carbonara . both were well cooked and seasoned . i loved the flavour in the peking duck pizza with crispy duck skin and duck meat . the tomato sauce was replaced by a sweet and salty glaze . overall a mouthwatering dish . we shared a tiramisu for dessert which was less appetizing . they used madelines soaked in espresso however we found that the madelines were actually frozen not fresh and they had n't been fully defrosted prior to being served to us . it was disappointing to say the least . overall would definitely go back for the mains but maybe hold off on the dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered the pomodoro with some red peppers . the food was delicious with huge quantity .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very nice pasta and pizza . got the beef rigatoni and a large pizza to share ( forgot the name ) . the pizza was sooooooo good and crispy on the bottom , the cheese was perfect and toppings were generous . my fav has to be the pasta tho - the rigatoni was perfectly al dente and the sauce adhered to it so well . there was lot of beef and it was very tender and soft . portion was very generous as well . i 'm picky with my pasta and this one was probably one of the best i 've had so far . def coming back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "levetto is always the most satisfying ! i have been to all locations and they never fail to provide me with the most delicious carbonara . i recently came to this location as they introduced the exclusive peking duck pizza ! at first i was skeptical , but they definitely nailed , the scallioned and sauce reminded me of the real deal . definitely recommend trying it at least once ! everything else was fantastic as usual and their panda cotta is always a great treat to finish off a great dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with my brother to kensington market saturday night and while walking around we discovered this gem of a place called levetto . since there is one near my house we decided to go in and say hi and check it out simple italian food at affordable prices . my brother and i are pretty friendly guys so we started chatting with the staff and congratulating them on their opening . well before we knew it the owner nicholas came over and introduced himself and instantly we all became friends . he is a really cool and nice guy . eli and i ordered 2 simple dishes . pasta and pizza . both were excellent . fresh tasty and simple . we filled up quite nicely but than nicholas surprised us with his specialty pizza peking duck on the house.wow what a treat . delicious ! we felt like we were on anthony bourdains show and we 're treated like royalty . i wish the owner only good things for this place . super food and super staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was craving house made pasta a few weeks ago and wanted to try this place . the carbonara was very good . good portion size & reasonably priced . the only thing is the pasta was n't rustic and did n't look like or taste like it was house made . it was very uniform and had a nice bite to it . so not sure if it was hand made or house made with a machine . i trust them i guess when they say it was house made . i would go back and try the other pastas there when i need a pasta fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "peking duck and pizza are two of my favourite foods , so to hear that they were being combined was a dream come true . levetto was pretty easy to find - just north of dundas & spadina . we walked in at around 2pm for a late lunch , and there was only one other table there . though the space is n't large , the minimalistic interior keeps the restaurant looking spacious . you can choose between four or six slices of a rectangular pizza . we opted for two smalls of the peking duck pizza and soppressata pizza , which came to just under $ 20 . the peking duck pizza is topped with hoisin sauce , scallions , and cucumber , while the soppressata comes with large basil leaves , dried sausage , and rich tomato sauce . both were so delicious , with very crispy crusts . the servers were all very nice , and i would love to return to levetto to feature more of their items !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best italian casual dining restaurants in toronto . excellent food , very reasonably priced and super friendly staff . love , love , love levetto !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great spot for a quick lunch during the week . the pizza was good , crispy on the outside and soft and rich in flavor closer to the center . came with a friend and shared a small peking duck pizza and a carbonara pasta . pasta was okay not bad but probably coming back to try out the different pizza options ! also vibe was nice kinda empty for the rush hour lunch time but i was fine with it since my friend and i could actually chat without having to scream across the table .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to levetto for the first time on friday , and the line up was insane ! i had heard good things from a friend of mine that went to the location in liberty village , so i wanted to see the hype . we ordered their specialty peking duck pizza , soppressata pizza , rigatoni pasta and carbonara pasta . all the dishes were absolutely amazing , especially for the prices that we paid ! our favourite was the peking duck pizza , which had a generous serving of peking duck and topped with cucumbers , onions and hoisin sauce . it is a must try ! you ca n't get this pizza anywhere else ! we were so full at the end of the meal . i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here as a group for dessert as a recommendation from a friend . super clean , sleek environment thats perfect for lounging around . initially we came here for dessert , but noticed on the menu that there was a peking duck pizza ! we ordered the panna cotta , walnut cake and the pizza and everything was super delicious ! the panna cotta was nice and creamy but the walnut cake was bomb ! ! ! nice and warm , crunchy outside , soft inside topped off with pistachio bits . if there 's one thing to order from here though , i highly recommend the peking duck pizza . it seems like a such a unique asian fusion dish though it may seem odd to some . the toppings include cucumber , green onions , cheese , and of course , the duck - yummm ! i think this is one of the best pizza crusts i have ever eaten - it was slightly sweet and not too dense . service is awesome and pretty fast - no problems here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not bad . but i ca n't help to feel it 's a pop up . i could n't figure out if it was a restaurant or self-serve ikea food court . food is not bad but for the price and lack of protein for 13 $ bowl of pasta is not worth it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been to all levetto locations now and this one is my favourite , but all of them have been very consistent . wow the pasta is so delicious and fresh . love the carbonara , personally . very rich and comforting . the funghi pizza is heavenly . i can smell that roasted garlic crema from a mile away . best of all - it 's so cheap ! worth every penny .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ermahgerrrrd ! ! ! the most satisfying pizza i have ever had . their half portion is around $ 8 . grab that and a drink and that 's a dinner . so so so good . havent tried the pasta , which is freshly made in house . gon na try that next time . service is mostly self-serve , though i find that it depends on who 's working .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a single pizza and a glass of wine . the pizza ingredients were quite good -- some different kinds of italian meats and olives . the crust was quite airy , though i felt it had been burnt at the edges . wifi in the restaurant was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in town from chicago on business . had a taste for good pasta but did n't feel like going out or paying double price for inadequate room service . the romaine salad and carbonara pasta did not disappoint . the servings are large . with the salad and pasta , it 's easily a meal for 3 people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate at levetto a few weeks ago on the 1st night of my vacation in toronto and what a discovery it was ! i recall having a salad with goat cheese which was excellent , followed by the pasta with sundried tomotoes which was also amazing . my son had a pasta dish which he also loved . for dessert , the very nice staff gave us a piece of walnut cake ( i think ) which was a very nice ending to the best meal of our trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a safe choice ordering from here . it 's pasta that 's way better than anything you 'd expect ordering from a chain restaurant in the heart of chinatown . they 're always fast and super efficient , and as of late have been throwing in a small panna cotta on the house which is always awesome and really makes you feel appreciated as a customer . my go to is the pomodoro , which is always cooked with pasta perfectly al dente and topped with a big heap of parmesan cheese .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have levetto pizzeria in our neighborhood , so when my husband and i noticed levetto on spadina we were really surprised , it was totally unexpected in the middle of chinatown . besides , we did n't even know it has multiple locations ... we really like levetto in vaughan and it was a lunchtime , so we decided to check this one too . we ordered salsiccia pizza to share and it was finger licking good ! so good that my husband and i fought for the last slice ( we ended up splitting it ) and seriously considered ordering the second one ! we also had espressos and they were quite good too . this place will be on the top of our list for places to eat in chinatown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza was amazing , good flavours . i have the carbonara pasta it was good but lacked little something . overall good place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was great ! servers cashiers were okay ( what do you expect you are in chinatown ) but would def go back for the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ordered through ubereats and the food was tasty . based on the photos on the app and the prices , i was expecting tiny portions . but wow the portions are massive ! pasta is made in house and mixed with simple fresh ingredients . i was a bit disappointed with the pizza though - the crust was very dry and quite thick . not my style , but then again depends on personal preference .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've tried levetto at other locations before and really enjoyed it . i came to this location to try the exclusive peking duck pizza . my friends and i were kind of disappointed ... i believe we felt it was nothing special cause we 're familiar with the hoisin sauce taste . i personally prefer the margherita and affumicato . the one in the picture is the yukon gold potato . their salads are wonderful too ... definitely meant to be shared with a few people . the one in the picture is the misticanza . i 'll have to come back again to try their pasta . overall , everything on the menu is very affordable ( ~ $ 8-15 ) and i like how it 's self-serve . this location has a room at the back dedicated for special occasions .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only ever gotten take out from here so i ca n't speak for the dine-in service . if you do plan to dine in though , please keep in mind the service structure here ... you order and pay first then get seated . the pasta is made fresh and cooked to perfection with the tastiest blend of ingredients and pasta sauce . this is my go-to pasta restaurant , second only to gusto 101 . the pizza comes in two sizes : a small with is great for one and a larger one for sharing . i highly recommend the prosciutto pizza - this is my all time favourite pizza and available at all levetto locations . what i like about this location is that they offer a peking duck pizza which is not available at another levetto locations .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pizza was delicious . the dough unique , the toppings fresh . pasta was some of the best ie ever had . braised beef rigatoni was perfectly al dent\u00e9 . service was very friendly and quick . nice urban music to compliment a nice setting . i ca n't wait to visit toronto again so that i can come back here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for an early dinner with a friend . it 's not a huge place but it 's good for a small group . staff was friendly and answered our questions about the menu . we decided on two half pizzas . they have some quirky flavours like roasted duck or fig sauce as well as more traditional combinations . pizza quality was excellent ! the dough and ingredients tasted fresh and the more exotic flavours worked better than i expected . the desserts were a tad sweet but otherwise this place is pretty great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered sopressata pizza and trecce pasta . loved the soft crispy dough that almost melts in your mouth . this would be one of the best pizza places i 've been to in toronto . both their pizza and pasta tasted simple clean and delicious ! will be coming back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great staff , super accommodating with kids too ! the margherita pizza had a wonderfully crispy , yet light crust . also if you have kids who like pasta with butter you can rest assured ; our guys said it was the best butter pasta they 've ever had . to those who know what it 's like to have picky kids , this place is a godsend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small and cozy place that serves excellent food ! ! pasta is super fresh , and pizzas are thin and perfectly made ! i think only this location serves the peking duck pizza - which is amazing ! ! we had that , the funghi mushroom pizza , the proscuitto arugula pizza , tagliatelle and carbonera pasta - all delish ! ! would def come back ! and service is awesome - both james and nick , the restaurant owners , are lovely ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2nd time at this location . on the streets of spadina in china town , weird i know . but the italian food here is pretty good . it 's more of a self serve order at the front and grab your own utensils restaurant . the atmosphere is very laid back but offers high quality food . the servers were very kind . the price is okay i think . for a shareable pizza + a pasta it 'll set you back around $ 30+ . depending what you order just the 2 dishes can be $ 40 . i do like this setting compared to a higher class italian restaurant if i feel like just grabbing some decent pasta . it 's quick and the good quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'd like to give this place a 4.5 . have dined in and ordered through ubereats . quality of delivery is just as excellent as dining in . their pizzas are n't my favourite but they 're still pretty good . however , their beef ragu is hamaaazing , the pasta is made in house and you can tell ! ! quality is superb . i 've also had the pistachio cake and it 's yooom ! docking 0.5 for my dine in experience due to my experience with the employees . i did n't realize it was a self serve type of place and they did n't bother to really explain it m. they also seemed bored aloof while taking my order .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "never been to levetto before , but was near chinatown and go figure ... we chose to eat italian food in chinatown . we ordered the carbonara pasta and the pollo toscano pizza . both were delicious ! the carbonara was cheesy with lots of bacon ! how can you go wrong with bacon ? but the pizza was the star of the meal . this was probably the best pizza we 've had . the crust was perfectly crisp on the bottom and pillowy on top . the ingredients were oh so fresh ! the tomato sauce was delicious ! chicken was tender and juicy . the cheese and the basil leaf on every slice to top it off were just perfect ! service was also excellent . we were seated in the back room as the front was full . we thought we 'd be neglected back there but as soon as our jug of water was done it was replaced with a new one immediately , without having to ask . how did they know ? ca n't wait to try to peiking duck pizza next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so addictive . my personal favorite is the trese ( the one with goat cheese ) and the arugula salad . a very affordable option and the dishes are actually enough to serve two . i 've yet to finish a plate to myself . as well , the staff at both locations are very friendly particularly the chinatown location , they go the extra mile to ensure that you are happy . such simple but well done italian food . my new go to pasta restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service and great food every time . i come here almost once a week and the food never disappoints . my favourite on their menu is the carbonara with fresh grated cheese . i have dined here and gotten delivery several times and never had a bad experience . the chef at this location is super friendly and he will make sure you get the best pasta whenever you come in . the dining area is a bit small but very comfy and cozy . you 'll always get a seat even without reservations . love levetto ! ca n't wait to come back again for their famous carbonara . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing pasta . phenomenal service . love that you can add different kinds of meat and interchange the kind of pasta . very friendly and amenable ! definitely going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was so surprised by this restaurant . the service was fast , the staff were friendly and the food was absolutely delicious ! i definitely recommend trying the toasted coconut and pistachio cake ... if you have room ! the portions are huge !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hottest ticket in ( china ) town ! ordered the bucatini which was perfectly al dente and delicious . also tried the peking duck pizza which was the bommmbbbb ! great portion sizes , friendly staff , and an overall cool vibe . will 100 % be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an update for my previous review ! a year ago i gave this place a bad review to what have happened however , the manager reached me immediately after i posted on yelp sent me an apology with a gift card of 50 $ . thought it is very representative of how good their customer service is ! finally , visited toronto and was able to get back to the same place to have a better experience and so i had . the servers were exceedingly welcoming . i should say they changed my previous review to a better one . thank you levetto", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the `` pizza '' here was pretty good , although it was more like toppings on bread than an actual pizza . we got the sausage , chicken , and mushroom . the mushroom tasted like garlic bread topped with mushrooms . the chicken i think was the best , and the sausage was also good . we all got the smaller size and shared because we were n't that hungry . the large size would definitely be filling enough for one person . next time will definitely try out the pastas .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "levetto just opened up near my house and i love it . not only do they offer a pretty wide variety of cool pizza flavors but their staff are extremely friendly , the service is crazy fast , and they even offered us complimentary desert ! despite being an italian restaurant located in china town , levetto does almost everything right . i tried the funghi pizza and a meat based pizza and loved it . it was slightly charred , doughy , and full of flavor . would definitely order again . oh , and did i mention it only took 10 minutes for me to order and pick up my pizza ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they seem to have turned a new leaf : now they are doing mainly savory . and they are doing it very well if their chicken is the mark of their food . i went today for lunch and got the chipotle lime chicken po boy and i loved it . at the beginning i thought there was n't enough sauce on it , but then that bit of dressing starts to hit and it builds and it mixes perfectly with the little tomatoes ready to burst with flavor . and by the time you get to the end you are dreaming about the next sandwich . which one will it be ? mandarine sesame ? bacon ranch ? buffalo ? curry peanuts ? hard to choose . will have to come back more than once i guess ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "holy crap ! friend & fabulous is f'n amazing ! now i would like to let you know that i have tried their food twice now . once absolutely hammered and once totally sober . each time was a total a+ ! the next time i 'm feeling devilish i 'm going back to fried & fabulous ! holla", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have ordered a couple of sandwiches from this place and have been satisfied with my purchases . basically , it 's been deep-fried something ( i usually get chicken ) on a crispy baguette with lettuce tomato , and a bunch of mayo . the sandwiches are tasty and filling for what they are . the reason i 'm not giving them a higher rating is because as far as i could tell all of the ingredients were pre-prepared from a distributer . i saw her dump the chicken from a big industrial bag into the fryer and have seen similar bags of a bunch of the other menu items back there too ( cookie dough , cheese curds , shrimp , etc. ) . the bacon bits from my sandwich were also from a bag . in short , this cart is basically a fast food joint that assembles the food to order , none of it seems to be made locally or in-house .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "update : i stand by everything i wrote , save for my comments about steve . steve and his partner are gods striving amongst men . steve is a flawless human being about whom a negative thought should not be uttered . but seriously , they 're really nice guys and i do n't think they 're overbearing . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hmmm ... .spent a lot of money , but did n't get what i was expecting . i wanted more curds , but only got 7 in my basket . give more to the people ! ! ! xoxo frinfabgrl", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i freaken love this place . late night fried food at it 's finest . they have the best sweets and late night eats . when i 'm craving sweet gooey awesomeness i know where to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anything tastes better fried ... . if you want proof check this spot out . my friend and i were drawn in by some free samples . we both loved the fried cheese cake . maybe it 's me but food out of a truck ( cart in this case ) just tastes better . this is going to be my go to spot from now on . check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are getting crazy in the am and playing too much rock band or world of warcraft or whatever the kids do these days , the niceness goes down a little bit . i understand if i had to be in a food cart handing out goodies to drunk people . the cheesecake has made my tummy feel funny after i eat it , but i assume that will go away if you pass out immediately . the breakfast sandwiches are some weird frozen toaster strudel-esq thing , they are not very delicious . oatmeal cream pies are also not delicious . cheesecakes are definitely the best way to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "late night food is always a marvel . when the munchies ( be them because you 're drunk , high or just sick of studying ) strike at 3am , nutrition goes out the window . which is lucky because otherwise you 'd never get to experience the amazingness that is deep frying sweets in funnel cake batter . the fried snickers bar is amazing . the pb & j is surprising ( seriously , it sounds weird , but it 's so good ! ) i 've never tried anything else on the menu because i ca n't resist those two options . oh and for you healthy people , they 've got some healthy options like apple slices ... but really , be fabulous and get something fried .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our family went to madison for the first time , after we visited the capitol we were looking for snacks . we ordered cheese curds and also tried the fried oreos . both were amazing ! we have eaten cheese curds before , so i can compare and honestly mention that i loved fried & fabulous cheese curds . it was our first time with the fried oreos , we tried it as a suggestion from the owner , are so tasty , really a must try . meals are fried when they take your order , they work fast and have a great customer service . for sure we will look for this truck in our next visit to madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect after drinks.. or in between drinks while bar hopping ! ! the batter is perfect and fresh . to be honest i do n't quite remember what we ordered that night , a little too many drinks already but from what i remember they were piping hot and delicious ! i think it was pb & j and cookie dough that i had ... either way it was really good ! ! verdict : when in madison and bar hopping , must-go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is as good as it gets when it comes to fried food . when it comes to any sweet-tooth craving you might have , this is the place to go . the menu is decadent , but not crazy over-the-top kind of stuff . it 's exactly what you 're looking for at the price you 're willing to pay . i first tried the fried chocolate chip ice cream sandwich , which was more than i could ever have hoped for . the cookie was heated and gooey and the ice cream remained chilled right in the center . i could n't have imagined a more delightful surprise ! with all the 5-star reviews , you might think that this place is too good to be true , but trust me , it will meet all your expectations . friendly service and delicious food , all found with this incredible vendor . get ready to be amazed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best deep fried peanut butter and jelly sandwich ! after eating the deep fried cheesecake , i can never go to back to ians again for late night drunchies . great contribution to madison 's after party night life . the only thing that could have enhanced my experience would have been a gallon of milk to wash down these delicious treats .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible experience . black folks beware . i initially went to write a review about how rude the door staff was , because i had never experienced such treatment at a club . however , i noticed after reading other reviews and speaking with other minorities that this treatment is a pattern with us . they will find excuses to turn you away and offend the crap out of you in the meantime . do n't even waste your time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the drinks are really expensive and the music sucks . i personally was not a fan of the desserts either . when i checked my card the next day , the bartender had charged for $ 85.00- but i only had one drink and one dessert . that 's $ 50 over what i paid . i kept trying to call management , but they were `` never available '' to address the issue , so now i have to go through my bank and file a claim . a friend of mine also had this happen to them . never again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "attempted to try something new this evening but was told that the attire was business only . however , less than three minutes later another young lady was let in with cut off jeans . there were plenty of patrons with less than business casual ... .photos confirm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they claim to only allow business attire but check out my photo ... none of this looks like business attire . i 've worked in uptown charlotte , i 'm very clear on what business attire is . they let a girl in in ripped short jeans and a crop top ... um that 's not business attire .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm rating it 1 star because i was not allowed to enter the bar . i was told that i had to be a member and that they were out of memberships . i asked the people behind me in line if they were members and was told no by everyone . i stayed and watched them let all white people in and deny entrance to all black people . i understood what constituted member ship .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after seeing on the news that this `` business '' was denying people of color entry i immediately went on their facebook . they have turned off reviews , posted a statement , deleted it , and are now deleting comments . that shows me they have something to hide . racism is never cute . it also should never be supported . luckily you cant delete yelp reviews ( :", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would n't let me in . said there was a membership . i asked a couple who had just walked out and said there was no such thing !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "racist establishment that turns down african-americans . will never get my business ! i encourage others to boycott this establishment and let them no there is no place for racism in america !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location is at the top of epicenter . it 's a little hidden but if you see purple , you are probably here lol . the atmosphere is purple toned and very posh like . the bartenders were great and attentive . cocktail waitresses were friendly too . the area is set up nice . long bar area . comfy chairs and bar stools and just a nice place to lounge in . there is also a dj booth . i assumed the men in the button up shirts and slacks were either the owners or managers and they were really friendly and welcoming . bonus- they use crushed ice which i love ! ! makes my drink stay colder in my opinion . their menus light up for your convenience ! i did n't get a specialty drinks but i saw some people get them and they looked delicious . i came here for a private event so i 'm reviewing solely on my experience . i saw some people complain about the security being strict with the dress code and i ca n't say that i saw that since it was a special occasion !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in town visiting some friends and stopped by for a bottle . ashley was our server and crushed it , could not be happier with the service . would definitely go back and highly recommend it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed at the way african americans have been treated at this establishment ! word of mouth is everything and i will make sure that every person i encounter will know the truth about this establishment ! that goes to show everyone that racism still exists in this world ! the owner needs to address this situation before it gets out of hand !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg , the cake martini is excellent ! ! ! my friend loved the carrot cake . the creme brule with coffee was pretty decent for the first taste , otherwise not the best . it had a salty lasting taste . the rhubarb crisp was disgusting . i make an incredible pie and this did n't even touch it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love , love , love kandy bar ! the owners have done a great job with this space . the staff is very friendly , the bartenders are so nice and make excellent drinks ! the atmosphere is fun , non pretentious and high energy . the decor is beautiful and being from miami it reminds me a little bit of home ! ca n't wait to try one of their mouth watering desserts soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible service . i ordered 1 vodka soda and 1 vodka cranberry and was changed $ 51.95 . i felt totally racially profiled and am calling my credit card company tomorrow to get them to reverse all charges .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am a professional african american male , all my friends are successful professionals . a group of us were told we could not enter this establishment because we were n't members ( that 's because they could n't find any other excuse that would n't make it obvious ) . when i asked a couple of caucasian ladies in line behind us , they confirm my suspicion that the only membership needed was a lighter skin . it 's sad that in 2017 , people continue to be blindly racist . # boycott if you have morals and believe everyone should be treated equally .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you have any moral fiber in your being do n't go here . i 've seen them openly discriminate against people , like really , this is n't the 1960 's anymore . after i saw that with my own eyes i never went again . the few times i 've gone the drinks are weak and you can hear a better set list sitting in your car on the radio . i really just wanted a good night with my friends but this place is really overrated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here saturday night as part of their soft opening . while they did n't have everything up and running , this place will be a total hit within epi . located on the 3rd floor right across from rooftop 210 and next to vault , you feel like a vip from the second you get in line . the atmosphere and theming was my favorite part about this place , it 's definitely an upscale club lounge with chandeliers , tons of moving lights , and led screens across the room . it 's super spacious and the dj was pumping great music . bartenders and bottle service attendants were all really nice and willing to talk us through everything . after talking to a bartender , i 've heard that once open , their desserts ( which look sooo good ! ! ) will be available from 4-10pm , and then after that it 's strictly nightclub . should be awesome . ca n't wait to go back when this place operates in full force ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "kandy bar is a breath of fresh air in the epicenter scene . the decor and vibe once you step in is very welcoming & it 's aesthetically appealing . on the weekends it 's very lively inside with a crowd of beautiful people just enjoying life dancing the night away . the bartenders are very attentive , and the service is great . a lot of hard work and effort was behind the making of such a successful dessert bar club . i am nothing short of proud of how they gutted out the walls , started from scratch and made it so beautiful . `` started from the bottom now we here ! '' give this place a try on the weekends ! on the weekdays , stop in for scrumptious dessert and a glass of wine or coffee or whatever your heart desires : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are 25 and under this may be your place however the dj is the worst ! ! ! ! you think you 're gon na be getting down on the crammed dance floor to a great tune and 3 seconds into it he changes it - completely different rhythm and beat . i think the group of gals i was with spent more time looking like elaine from seinfeld then fly girls . $ 20 cover and a line to get in . did n't see a coat check . diverse crowd , from transvestites to muslims to middle aged geezers to suits to barely legals . lots of making out & heavy petting by drunk paramours on the dance floor , included with the occasional spilled drink splashing on your feet by the drunks dancing ( at least that 's what i hope got splashed on my feet ) . about 2 seats at the bar other then that plan on paying $ 200 for vip seating with bottle service . if you change the dj then we will go back until then keep it classy charlotte !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had an amazing night for my birthday at kandy bar . billy was so attentive and made sure we were well taken care of . if you need vip service asked for him . looking forward to doing it again in a few weeks . trudi", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with a bachelorette party ... ok first of all usually when you go anywhere for a bachelorette party it should be free to get in ... . but no of course it was not free here ... the cover was $ 10 ! ! i think covers in general are ridiculous because i should not have to pay to get into a bar that i will be buying drinks in anyways . so i was already turned off when i had to pay to get in . so maybe i missed a lot of the bar but not sure if the kind bar name went along with the bar or not . the music was pretty good but there were some really sleezy people there . the drinks were super expensive . this place just did not impress esp how new it is i would think it would be a lot better and have a lot more instead of the same old bar .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we went to kandy bar for our tuesday date night . we instantly feel in love with the vibe and ambiance ! since it was tuesday , it was very empty but that allowed our bartender , nicholas , to take very good care of us . this place has everything a girl could want : drinks , desserts , & alcohol infused cupcakes ! plus they have a dance floor to get your party on thursday-sunday ! so we will definitely be going back ! ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in town for work , and decided to give kandy bar a shot since i heard it was the relatively new spot . was a little skeptical due to the reviews here below , but i also know that people will often complain about anything , so i still gave it a shot . i had a great time , and the company i was with loved it too . great music , great staff , yeahhhhh maybe the bathroom situation could be a little better as one reviewer mentioned below , but what are you gon na do . its a great venue , exactly what were looking for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the most racist bars i ever been to in my life please do n't go here boycott f donald trump", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went on his past tuesday with family around 9:30pm . we were the only people in the entire place , but even still it was pretty cool . the music was good and not too loud . so basically appropriate for the 7 of us . our server was a nice guy and told us some of the better drinks to try depending on what we were looking for . the smores martini was awesome and came with a scorched stick of marshmallows ; the key lime and birthday cake martinis were also great but with less `` flare . '' i split the kandy punch with my fianc\u00e9 at the server 's suggestion . complete with a lollipop and rock candy , it was pretty good . a lot of ice but tasty . i would recommend this place on a busier evening if you 're looking for a club experience , but if you just want a unique dessert cocktail , any night of the week seems to work !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "racist place . so unfortunate in 2017 . if you 're white this is for you . 1960s . all other races , good luck at the door . taking my money elsewhere", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this club is amazing ! everything from the decor to the staff is wonderful . it 's truly an upscale club . i have been to kandy bar several times as it has become my favorite club in uptown charlotte and never had any issues . they do have dress code that they enforce but it 's nothing out of line . the table service has been great every time we 've bought one . i would recommend kandy bar to anyone looking for a good time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a whites only bar ... therefore it should be shut down . do not support this business", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they are racist and refuse service to minorities especially black people . boycott them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a great time here . it was live after five outside so it was n't too crowded inside . the menus light up ! wonderfully creative cocktails . it 's on the third floor ! it was a little hard to locate at first but i 'll never forget now . will revisit for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "user shay j is a person paid and or coerced by the club . do n't listen to her . if you see nothing but african americans turned down at that club what does that tell you . 1 african american lady shay j gets in but 99 percent do n't look at the cover of kandy bar do you see diversity . no . she blocked me because i told her she was being phony and could n't accept she is lying about her review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the best places to club in the qc . music , atmosphere , and staff are great . if you have n't been here , do n't make conclusion based off the media . drinks are a little pricier but that wo n't take away from the experience you have . i will continue going here as long as i 'm a qc resident .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for my birthday and they have some of the rudest employees i 've ever encountered . not sure why they sit on such high horses . y'all are bouncers and bartenders , not ceos . will not be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would rather give 0 stars . i came here for a friend 's birthday , we had a table , drinks , etc plus i was buying drinks and shots on the side at the bar . i asked for a glass of water from the bartender ( after the table service girl said she did n't have any ) four separate times while ordering drinks and she told me no , you have to buy a bottle for $ 4 . a male friend of mine who is a server and bartender asked while i was standing next to him , with my back to the bartender and it was no problem for him to get tap water ... ( it was for me ) but every time i asked before and after that it was a no . i will never go to this idiotic place again . i was spending money and willing to spend a lot more , give me a glass of water with my drinks a holes so i can actually drink . such a pathetic establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time very clean , very nice staff will be back my girlfriend had apple bake and i had brownie a la mode", "score": "5"}
{"review": "racist establishment , they do n't let black people in ! seen a video on fb of the bouncer denying black people to come in & only letting white ... . they claim that you need a `` membership '' to get into a bar ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the service is really good . finally a store that manages their drive-thru and their floor inside , with a great sense of urgency ! baristas look their customers in the eyes , are n't distracted and are friendly here . way to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just like any other starbucks except they mess up a lot of orders and are n't very quick at all . they 've messed up the last 4 times i 've gone in some way . stopped going as much because i do n't want to pay for overpriced coffee that will be incorrect .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love how the baristas here know my order just from my voice through the drive thru and how they complete my sentences for me . they must have espn or something ... for as long as i avoid peak times and come in early , this is a favorite stop along my morning commute .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drive threw is always ridiclously slow . but today just got interesting , waited in the slow line , ordered , waited more in the slow line , pulls up to pay my drink the brista tells me they already ran out of soy today ... and u didnt think of this 10 mins ago when i ordered ? ? all these years going to starbucks around the world , this is the first time this ever happened ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here today after an appointment . i got a s'mores frappuccino and a breakfast sandwich . both were very good . not sure why the drive thru gets so much flack ... it went quick and everything was correct and tasted great . the staff at the window and ordering speaker were very nice . overall good experience . the parking lot it a little crazy though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "changing my review . when i reviewed 6 months ago , this starbucks was awful . however , i 've been visiting recently and saw plenty of new faces behind the counter ! my drink is done correctly and quickly and i have n't left feeling like i should have gone elsewhere . give this one a shot ; it seems like they 've worked their kinks out .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "could n't ask for better or friendlier service . whole staff works hard . the baristas make it really feel like starbucks is part of the solon community , which is unusual for a global chain . pretty much always get orders correct , and are very generous apologetic if you do n't like a drink or if they mess it up ( which again , rarely happens ) . overall , a great coffee shop that gets my 5-star vote .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the starbucks in solon consistently makes great drinks whereas many other locations will not get the mixtures correct . i 've had so many good drinks here that i will keep coming to this location instead of others , even if their drive through is always packed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sunday 8:30a no car behind me and steven is frustrated b c i ordered a `` traveler '' via the drive thru window . check number 779984 . rude and argumentative , steven tried to get me to come inside to place my order . i was straight with him and said i was in a hurry , at the drive thru , placing my order . he did not appreciate my response and attempted to provide additional `` customer service '' when i got to the window . i let him know that the only customer service i needed included my change and beverages . he actually considered not serving me saying , `` i can not serve you with that attitude . '' i chuckled , got my drinks , change and had a good laugh retelling the encounter to my family . really hope those drive thru conversations are recorded ; )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this location was clean and very friendly so i need to clarify on the reason for such a bad rating . i tried a new molten hot chocolate , the girl behind the counter put a sticker on my mug to determine which was my drink . my recommendation is to ask the customer if it 's ok to do this before you do this . i noticed the barista cleaning my mug with hot water and wiping my mug down and she could n't get the glue off my mug . i have now washed my mug several times with soap and water and the gooey stuff has not come off but now smeared across my favorite mug . perhaps this is some process improvement that starbucks can make or change the type of label that is used .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been twice to this starbucks . once at 8:30pm and once at 5pm and there was no line at the drive thru . the double chocolate frappe is amazing ! the downside is that this location charges $ 1.25 more for a tall drink than the starbucks on warrensville center road . so needless to say i wo n't be heading back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "finally ! ! ! a starbucks down the street from me ! fast , friendly service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is always kind and quick in making orders , and the space is surprisingly larger that it appears outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "extremely disappointing quality at this store . drink qc is nonexistent . when i asked about my new prickly pear not being swirled ( 2 gloopy glops of sticky pur\u00e9e on in the top stuck all over the lid and one floating as a blob in the bottom . i was told you . red to ask to have it swirled ? and they tried to send me off without my breakfast sandwich . mobile order .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good customer service and very mellow atmosphere . the prices a very low . warm lotion and hot towels are the best . i truly like this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this mom and pop nail shop ! great work and its never overly crowded . the fact the prices are reasonable is just and added perk !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm happy with the friendly service of nail connection . they consistently provide good service . i actually first went there 8 years ago , so i can say that . the first time they were kind enough to let my dog stay there while i was getting my nails done . he was well-behaved and just rested in the lobby area . the owner 's husband even took him out for a walk twice , which i could n't believe . i have n't been there a lot , maybe about four times , because i keep forgetting about them . it 's too bad the owner , who still owns the place moved out of town . i really liked her , but her family members that are running it now are pretty nice . i 'll just have to remember to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've only been here once , it was 20 $ for a salon pedicure and they charged an extra 5 $ for french tip . they didnt do a bad job but i probably would n't go here again.. u get what you pay for..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my first impression was okay ... small salon and friendly staff . however , after telling them what my friend and i wanted , they tried to force both of us to get stuff we did not ask for . finally , they left my friend sitting in the chair after the pedicure for 15 minutes without polish ... .like they forgot . my toes look good but my friend 's started bleeding because they cut too close to the cuticle or something . i understand that people want to up-sell their products and services ( i 'm in sales ) but you can not force someone to buy something they do n't want . or in this case , start performing a service the customer did not ask for and repeatedly told you that you did not want .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "always a pleasant experience here ! staff is friendly and they do a good job for a more reasonable price than most other locations . the interior is quite small , but i like the intimate setting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i give this little salon 5 stars because they are able to do exactly what i ask . that being said , i get a standard pedicure and standard manicure . i do not get gels , full sets , or amazing designs , so i am unable to review those services . this is a family establishment , husband and wife team . very friendly and they do quick work . getting in is easy if you call the morning of to make your appointment and i am able to get in and out within my hour lunch period .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my gel manicure always lasts 3 weeks and they do a nice job . the people are so friendly . nice shop .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have went to this location for maybe five years now . have been serviced by the owners and jenny . all are great , but jenny is my regular person . maybe once a year they will have newbies , but they are not usually there or stay i guess . never had a problem with anyone . only once had an issue with customers , not owners , however wish the owners would have said a room full of kids were not appropriate . i just left and came back at another time . i get their 20 dollar pedicure and have never had an issue with service or cleanliness .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super friendly and nice manicure , but she did n't spend a lot of time getting the nails right.. a couple days later i had hangnails and such that typically are taken care of when i get a manicure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you will love them . she treats the dogs like family . they love her . if you go make sure to ask for a blueberry facial . it makes their face smell like pie . also she is busy so make your appointments in advance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wendy is the absolute best in the east valley of arizona . my maltese boys absolutely love her and kiss her to death when they see her walk in for them . the time she spends with them and the awesome results are beyond fabulous . i have to say we are spoiled with wendy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've known wendy for years , she has always been great with my dogs ! i 've had many fosters come through that she has helped tidy up and made them handsome beautiful and ready for their new homes . she has a very gentle and patient approach and you can tell the dogs love her too because they are always excited to see her . i agree with the blueberry facial shampoo - it smells delicious ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i scheduled my bull dog babies with wendy and today was their appointment . wendy came to the door and instantly my dogs took to her ! my little frenchie is a bit feisty but she loved wendy and let her groom her ! she is so soft and fluffy and was so excited ! my all white english bulldog was a shedding machine . wendy took extra care to de-shed him and he looks so shiny and white ! i 'm so happy i 've already scheduled their next grooming . thank you wendy ! ! what a wonderful , professional business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my dog done and i 'm very pleased be looks so good . very convenient . recommend to all .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wendy did an awesome job on our two labs ! after swimming everyday since they were groomed , they still smell like they just stepped out of a salon : ) ! ! great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was recommended to furr parlor from another groomer who does n't service my area . let 's just say i 'm completely happy with the service i received . they showed up at my home about 8:15 , the groomed my toy poodle and clipped my two rottweilers nails . all services were complete by 9am and all dogs were totally happy . this company did an amazing job on all of my dogs and i will absolutely be using them on a regular basis . it 's hard too find a good groomer now a days but i feel like i struck gold . not only are they awesome at grooming but they 're so personable and pleasant to be around . i felt like i 've know them forever . until next time furr parlor , thank you for the wonderful service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we used furr parlor for the first time today and we were very pleased with the service we received . i would recommend them , i 'm pretty picky with my girls and wendy did an excellent job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my goodness ! not only was the groomer the sweetest ever and very personable , but she nailed it when it came to grooming my puppy ! ! ! harley ( my pup ) came back so happy , pretty , and smelling so good ! they even gave her this cute little accessory around her neck , and i 'm almost cried it was so cute ! i have been really picky with her groomers in the past , and i feel really happy choosing furr parlor i do n't think i could ever go back to petsmart . also it is so convenient that furr parlor comes right to you ! it 's literally the same price to have them come to you , and do more for your pet , than other places . could n't be happier ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wendy did a great job grooming my dog ! ! ! will definitely be a repeat customer . would recommend her grooming service to anyone with a dog ! thank you furr parlor ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really nice stadium . i 've been to a few that spring trainings are held at . this is probably the nicest . parking was free which was a nice bonus . the walk to the stadium from the parking lot was a little long , but nothing to complain about , it was free .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "parking situation is worst i 've ever seen in 61 years . traffic flows are horrific and no professional traffic flow management . only one way in and one out . this on a weekday . save yourself the headache and go see another park .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best fields to play at . the field crew is on it , keeping all the baseball fields in pristine shape . if there was a problem with this place it would be the dirt parking lot but unlike other fields the dirt parking lot is huge and you can walk to where you need to versus other locations where you can never find parking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually go to the one on saint denis , but this time i tried this place and they pretty much have the same great taste and vibe . very affordable prices and i alwayssss get their nanaimo bars that are near the register ! no one really notices them , but i think they are so good and creamy ! aside from the nanaimo bars , their sandwiches are delicious and very affordable ! line ups can get long during rush hours but move quickly and is definitely worth the wait ! personally , i would recommend the grilled chicken sandwich which i always get but pretty much anything there is pretty good ( aside from the bubble teas pls do n't get them ) . they also have little asian goodies like shrimp chimps , asian jellies and pocky sticks too ! best place for college student eats ! :3", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the perfect food solution for students and employees with short lunch break . all the food is fresh and the quality is superb . during lunch times the lines may seem long but the have a system that you actually wo n't have to wait more then 5min before paying and getting you food . they have tons of meat selections but as a vegetarian i highly recommend # 14 well balanced with spices , vegetables , tofu and sauce . and the best thing is they are extremely cheap less then 5 $ for a big 10 '' sub .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cheap sandwich for its size and considering the location . nice selection of sandwiches , although only 2 veggie options , so vegetarians might not like to frequent this establishment very often . way better than subway and the likes . the bubble tea was ok. big line at lunchtime , but not too long of a wait considering how big that line was . they also have a fridge in the back with some sushi boxes . good option for cheap take out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick , good food at decent prices ? come here ! it 's like a cafeteria style place , order , slide your tray down and pay . i ordered the vegetarian version of their banh mi ( got it spicy ) and it was delicious and filling . i did takeout as this place is quite packed around lunch time . the only small issue is the menu board is placed where you ca n't see it when you are in line so if you are n't sure what you want you have to go and look at it and then get into line . it would be more efficient and less crowded if you could see it while standing in line .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first discovered vua at st-denis , but i was more than happy to find out that they opened a new spot near mcgill ! the interior is really nice , a lot bigger than the one at st-denis . their banh-mi are seriously the best , especially for such an expensive price . there is even a vegetarian option and it is actually super good ( i ordered it although im not vegetarian ) . their spring rolls are also super tasty , and their sauce goes so well with it . their desserts are typical viet desserts and it can look weird but its so freaking good ! the only con is probably the fact that they dont have the buy 2 get 1 free for drinks and desserts like at their st-denis store : (", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't go during the business lunch hour rush . the line will be winding round and round . never order their non-viet sandwiches , there 's simply not enough demand for them to be fresh . shredded chicken ( # 2 ) ai n't so good . veg not pickled enough . drinks are way too sweet . it 's cheap , people say ? not for the quality you 're getting . on the plus side , they actually have a very efficient system of ordering and their packaging is to be admired .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i usually go to the st denis location beside the grande bibilotheque , and it 's really good . so i was passing by this one downtown and decided to get a bubble tea . i ordered the taro with tapioca for $ 4.50 , basic as far as bubble teas go and there was n't a huge line at 6pm so she could have taken her time , basically i got a watered down tea with maybe a half a scoop of that powdered goodness they normally put in . i was n't feeling it , it barely had any ice either so it was warm too , disappointed vua..luckily i told the the guy working there and he offered to make me another one no charge ! thanks dude..i 'll be back for sure ! ! great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "working downtown has its perks but looking for affordable options is quite a hassle . this is where i came across this place on my walks and had their # 14 veg bah mi and to my surprise , it was delicious and filling . i did n't know about this place till today i decided to give it a try . i 'd definitely check them out for other flavours as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean chic and big place for a cheap sandwich vientnamien , good enough , wifi available , fast and good fresh ingridients .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! delicious , fast , vietnamese sandwiches for only $ 4-5 ? i was only in town for a week and came here twice because it was so good . both the grilled chicken and pork sandwiches were fantastic . they 're really busy on weekdays around lunchtime . less so closer to evening time . either way the wait is never more than 10 minutes . their system 's very efficient - the first employee will take your order and send it down an assembly line to be ready for you as soon as you pay ! they also offer dim sum type snacks , and other asian foods like noodle soup , but 90 % of people stick with the sandwiches . they also have milk tea , but i did not get the chance to try it . conveniently located right across the street from mcgill , so lots of students get lunch here . very clean , nice place . wish they opened a shop right across from my college !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best vietnamese sandwhich in the city ? incredibly inexpensive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is legit one of the best places to get food for the cost . ( large sandwiches are less than $ 5 ) . not even a big fan of banh mi but their saigon sandwich and bbq pork are too good . great for students and lunch breaks . they 're opening up a new one soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "les prix sont bons , mais il faut faire attention aux prot\u00e9ines choisies ... certaines ont l'air d'\u00eatre tout droit sorties de la fabrique \u00e0 hot-dog . aussi , ils mettent toujours le m\u00eame assaisonnement style chinois , tout go\u00fbt\u00e9 pareil , ou \u00e0 peu pr\u00e8s . on finit par se tanner , si on y va souvent .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great place , great service . love to come here during weekend . kinda disappointed cuz it close at 5pm . tips : order # 11 ( you can have pate inside , while # 10 do n't ) with extra # 2 . try ... . the smell of # 2 is incredible + chewy of cha lua make it even tastier .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "such good sandwiches ! my newest food craze . was somewhat busy when i went for lunch at 1 but the service was fast . great value for what you get .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you vua for feeding me during my uni years ! ! ! i always get either their # 1 or the bbq pork , no cilantro ( pls no shame ) and extra avocado ( $ 1 ) . if you like avocados i recommend the extra , it really ups the flavor ! even when they 're busy the service is quick and friendly and they 've only gotten my order wrong like once in my 5 years frequenting this place but i 'll take partial blame for not liking cilantro eheh", "score": "5"}
{"review": "satisfactory food at a satisfactory price with an above average service . beverages are overpriced though but the subs are well worth it . decent quick snack meal on a budget .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cute , well situated restaurant which does make it very busy during lunch hours , but fortunately the service is fast . food is good , nothing incredible , and the prices are not bad for the neighbourhood . it would be nice if the vegetarian option was available without mushrooms , but that 's just me being picky .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pour une pause entre midi et deux , c'est l'endroit parfait . ils font des sp\u00e9cialit\u00e9s vietnamiennes comme les banh mi mais j'ai pr\u00e9f\u00e9r\u00e9 go\u00fbter aux sushis . les sushis sont en libre service et sont plut\u00f4t bons . pour accompagner j'ai choisi une salade de crudit\u00e9s et je n'ai pas pu finir . j'ai \u00e9galement pris un bubble tea fraise banane mais sans bulle de tappioca . pas mauvais mais pas fou non plus . les prix sont raisonnables . je ne sais pas si c'est la radio que l'on entendait dans le restaurant mais j'ai aim\u00e9 toutes les chansons . une bonne ambiance .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to eat on a budget . sandwiches range from $ 4 to $ 6 for a 10 '' . they are quite filling and very tasty . they have options for ban mi and more western style sandwiches , both brown and white bread . huge variety of options ( they have at least 30 different sandwiches and all are quite good ) . however , the bubble tea is a bit lacking , despite being cheap . they have a number of takeout dishes and extra food items that are quite good . the iced coffee is great as well if you like vietnamese style coffee ( very strong but smaller portion with condensed milk , lots of ice ) . plenty of seating available and very nice staff . tends to have a line during lunch on weekdays but moves very quickly . highly recommended for anyone that wants a casual , cheap place for sandwiches ! they also have a loyalty stamp card . if you fill it out , you get a free large sandwich and a coffee , which is a really amazing deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fired noodles or rice is cooked then placed in the fridge . you need to microwave it to heat it up . i was expecting it to be cooked on the spot . the banh mi is good though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped here today because it was one of the cheaper options around ! and it did not disappoint ! even though banh mis are supposed to be really cheap , it 's hard to find cheap ones here so the price is good for the quality . i got the # 5 and my friends got the # 1 , # 4 and # 14 and we all loved them ! we also tried the italian soda and it was satisfying too . love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you are on a student budget or want to eat affordably , come to vua ! ! they have good quality vietnamese sandwiches ! the line moves extremely quickly and there are endless options of what fillings you want in your sandwiches . there is seating available for you and your friends to eat ! the inside of the store is very clean and if you do n't want vietnamese sandwiches , they also offer buns and sushi that is prepackaged already .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ordered a bahn mi with no mayo as i usually do ( i even said it twice to make sure the lady at the counter heard and she said okay ) , but when i brought my bahn mi home and opened it , it was filled with mayo . it was n't even a busy time of day ( maybe one person in front of me in line ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nothing like a well run , local , family owned and run restaurant . best way to describe this place is chipotle with fry bread . not a cheap meal but worth the extra .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lovely family owned business ... i have been here on many occasions , and i absolutely love their frybread ! the shredded beef and roasted bell peppers are amazing ! everything is made to order right in front of your eyes ... ordering a taco is the perfect size for me , as i can never finish a whole frybread loaded with toppings , and they do load on the toppings ! clean , friendly and fresh ! great place to dine in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cafe laguna is a great place to go for a delicious mexican fix . the indian tacos are my absolute favorite . i always order the grilled chicken indian taco . the chicken is tender and moist , the vegetables are fresh , your choice of beans . it is absolutely mouthwatering . we moved to tucson recently and everytime we visit mesa we make a stop and cafe laguna . we 've even made trips to mesa just to get an indian taco ( honestly they are that good ! ) . they are n't your typical tacos , the frybread adds a new twist to the traditional taco that just makes you feel like you died and gone to flavor heaven . it 's chewy texture added with the crisp lettuce , tender meat , and spicy pico de gallo makes an absolutely perfect combination . if you have n't tried it , make it a priority on your bucket list , trust me you will go back . i hear everyone posting how it is like chipotle , this place blows chipotle out of the water . good luck and good eats !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service by the owner ( nick ) . he 's very accommodating and aims to please . friendly and helpful . i had n't had an indian fry bread in over 10 years . there were several meat choices to choose from and several vegetables to add on top . unfortunately an earlier catering order cleaned them out of re-fried beans and bell peppers . the salsa was good , spicy but not hot . the owner kept the place open for me to enjoy my meal while we chatted . he even stayed open later to feed another customer that walked in after the place had been closed for 10 mins . he even gave me a coupon for my next visit . a truly caring owner . nice place in a strip mall with plenty of parking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well i was out and feeling a little hungry so i decided to drop in a grab a bite . imagine my surprise when i arrived and the lights were off , and the sign taken down . what happened ? ? ! did the snow birds drive this little shop out of town ? who knows ? guess i will have to go to the other location `` sigh '' . note : this is in reference to their location that was on the border of apache junction and mesa . this location closed and they moved to the location on power .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "indian fry bread done right . prices are good , nothing over $ 10 , and you can feed two people with a full plate of fry bread . they offer a vegetarian option as well a black bean & cheese fry bread which is delicious . there 's even blueberry , cherry and apple frybread for dessert . going on the name alone , the last thing i expected this place to serve was fry bread . most of the other fry bread places i 've been in are kind of nasty . typically there seem to be approximately three decade 's worth of accumulated grime and grease anywhere there 's a hard to clean crack . this spot opened july 2008 , and it is new , modern & clean . free wi-fi too . i believe it 's the 2nd location for the small family owned business . half of the other businesses in the same strip mall have already dried up and blown away , so i hope this place is able to hang on as i really like it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great idea for a restaurant in the west ! this should be a western franchise ! i have had fry bread at family dinner tables , pow wows , county fairs , and hole in the wall restaurants throughout the west , and this is the real deal ! if you have never had an indian taco , look no further ! great taste , a nice owner , and a good atmosphere . i 'll be eating here often ! ! the only reason i did not give five stars is so that i did not insult all the mommas and grandma 's out there who we all claim have the best fry bread on earth !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overall , a good deal , healthy portion , and so on . the fry bread is good and the toppings were fairly fresh . the ground beef was good , a little greasy as you might expect , but needed seasoning . the shredded beef was better . come hungry . i wo n't rush back but we have driven by it a huindred times and always wanted to try it . if you 've never had fry bread go and give it a try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "had the grilled homemade salmon patties with grilled vegetables and yellow rice which the server recommended and it was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was simply too tired to go elsewhere . ordered the wings . good flavor and portion . meatloaf was delicious and portion size was very good . ordered the lemon chicken soup which was surprisingly flavorful - filled with veggies and chicken . tasted very fresh . my associate ordered a shrimp caesar and a side of broccoli . again , good portion sizes . without the wine , the total came to $ 52 . pretty reasonable for a hotel . i would return , even if there all alternatives .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "michael watson is the best chef in the world , i would say ! his special creations are beyond deliciously amazing . in a word , the food here is simply fantastic ! the attention to detail of the food is fascinating too . too bad i was too hungry to share a pic with you , but if you come here , you will totally forgive me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am not a guest at the hotel , however , i heard great things about libations . so i decided to give t a try and i must say it is perfect ! kevin and zakia at the bar during breakfast were so at tentative and hospitable . i enjoyed my meal and their company . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a group luncheon there for work . over 15 people . food was excellent and the staff was on top of things . great job overall . this is a huge upgrade from the previous dining establishment in the hotel . also , it 's clearly the best option for dining drinks in the gateway area . highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came back for more and were so happy ! this time had the wings ( topped with blue cheese , yum ! ) and the bacon cheeseburger ( amazing ) . menu will be changing again shortly and we will be back to try that too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a friend and i went for queen 's feast . the service was outstanding and the food was amazing . i was surprised that more people were n't there . i would definitely recommend this restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome group of people . i was talking about how i have never had chicken and waffles before and the chef made them up from scratch . incredible ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i celebrated a 40th birthday party at libations this weekend . the food and service was phenomenal ! we broke the rules by ordering the chocolate covered bacon as an appetizer ( instead of dessert ) and i recommend everyone trying this . every dish was rich and flavorful but my personal faves were the flatbread and the shrimp and grits . i will definitely come back for dinner and everyone that accompanied me agreed that it was one of the best in charlotte .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible amazing young chef . just came back from a trip and was so pleasantly surprised by the quality of food coming out of this hotels unassuming kitchen . i usually avoid hotel food if i can avoid it but i ended up eating there two nights in a row instead of going out . nom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our server angelina was exemplary ! ! ! her personal care of our experience is to be commended . she made sure our drinks and food came to our table perfectly . our compliments to the chef as well ! neither of us tasted anything that was not pleasing to our palate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and delightful service ! mel from england was a joy and the food was cooked perfectly --", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for restaurant week and am very disappointed in the service and food . very slow service , inconsistent quality of food , and watered down drinks . do not recommend this place when there are so many awesome places in charlotte .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was beyond pleasantly surprised to have this caliber of cuisine at a restaurant in a hotel . the bartender was a doll , even the atmosphere music was great . comfy seating and , most importantly , delicious food . nothing like a properly cooked steak and savory sides with a good class of wine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tonight i took the family to libations for an early dinner . i had heard a lot of good reviews and was excited to dine there tonight . the restaurant was empty and i have to wait about 10 minutes before a waiter to appear . we started with some appetizers . the mac and cheese was delicious but the calamari was a bit too bready and salty . for dinner we had the ny strip , fish & chips , and some hamburgers for the kids . overall , nothing stood out as particularly good . food was a little on the bland side and the kids fries were soggy . the meal was average and i would say expensive for what you got . they do have a nice selection of beers from local breweries . overall , not the best experience but certainly not the worst experience . i would try other restaurants before i go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty nice hotel bar restaurant . we only had the breakfast , we ordered off of the menu , but the buffet looked delicious and well stocked . our omelets were really good , and fruit plates were sweet and ripe . good coffee . we hung out and had drinks there two nights , and were satisfied .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere , super friendly staff and reasonably priced . great spot for lunches , get togethers or a romantic night out . the calamari is delicious and prepared with kalamata olives and hot cherry peppers . definitely coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "noa nail spa is a new all service nail salon in the concord area . it 's only been open for three months and they are running a $ 20 pedicure special ! i decided to check out their special and see if it 's worth it and my-oh-my it was worth every dollar ! now my nail technician was chia and sh was awesome ! she was thorough and she took her time ! i had a relaxing pedicure that left me looking forward to my next on ! they have an array of polish colors to choose from ( fyi the silver top bottles are gel which last a little longer and will cost $ 3 more ) ! my mother had a different experience with the tech that did her nails and let 's just say mom was n't impressed and she 'll be back to see chia !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "loved this place and look forward to returning . it 's absolutely gorgeous inside and the service is great along with the great pedi !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful nail salon ! i 've been in concord for the summer and i was missing my old place . now , when i go back to louisiana , i 'll miss this place ! very clean and the staff are super friendly . i 'd recommend it to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cute and clean nail spa . went here on a double date and dragged the guys out for pedicures and they liked it as well . it was good time and i would recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they do an excellent job here ! better than any salon i have been to in concord . i have been 3 or 4 times now and have always been pleased . the gel polish lasts for 2+ weeks ! the guy who works there is phenomenal at pedicures !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this nail salon . this is my second time coming and i absolutely love the service . the salon has amazing pedicure chairs and everyone is so nice . they are one of the few salons around here that offer sns as well . i am making this location my go to for nail services for now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so this may not be a complete review since i did n't get any services done . went in for a gel mani and pedi plus eyebrow wax . they were pretty busy so i had to wait ( not a problem ) so i waited 20 minutes . as i was waiting 4 customers walked in and waited for someone to even acknowledge they were there . well they all walked out ( should have gotten up myself ) . waited 10 more minutes when another customer walked in . they told her to go sit in the pedicure chair . well i was there first and been waiting 30 minutes . needless to say i left . so my review is ... .better customer service needed . will not be going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a lovely experience today at noa nails , very attentive , very relaxing . recommend the deluxe pedi , paraffin wax , lavender scrub , excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "vegas best is the literally the best . i had 2 trees removed and 1 huge tree trimmed pruned . they were on time , worked fast , and cleaned up like they were never there ! plus they were extremely affordable ! i would use them again in a minute ! very professional ... highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my trees and yard never looked better . very efficient trimming , clean-up and haul-off . now the wind blows through my trees not trying to blow them out of the ground . i 'm having michael back next fall .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i received a recommendation to use vegas best tree service from a trusty dog park friend . misha came to my house and quoted me $ 900 to cut down my 3 palm trees , which was much less than any other quotes i had previously gotten . his team was very nice , cut down the trees and leaf blew my yard when completed . i would recommend this company !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called vegas best tree service on sunday and left a message . meesha called me first thing on monday and came over to my house to look at the tree that i wanted removed . gave me a great price and told me they would complete the job same day . i came home from work and the tree was gone , and my other ash tree had the dead limbs removed also . fantastic company and owner . i will always use this company and recommend them to all of my friends . excellent job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mikhail was absolutely the best in terms of getting things done on time and doing it with utmost professional attitude . i 'm very impressed with their work and would certainly recommend to my friends . they trimmed my palm tree just the way i wanted to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "he did just what i wanted him to do and kept in touch and priced right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "did a wonderful job with the best prices in town . my pine tree was trim to perfection . mikhail is very detailed and professional . he 's a really nice guy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they did a great job removing the tree and trimming the others i requested . price was fair and service was fast , ca n't ask for more than that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called mikhail and he zipped by my house to prepare the estimate -- talk about quick service ! had them remove a dead tree in backyard and a large ash tree in the front landscaping . chipped both trees on the spot , cleaned up , and left things looking neat and tidy . he even picked up my replacement tree from star nursery , delivered and planted it , put a mounded well around the tree without being asked , but just like the nursery guy recommended . efficient job , fair and reasonable price . i would call mike again or refer him to friends as i felt comfortable with him and trusted he would do a great job , which he did !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lowest price of three estimates i got to top a eucalyptus tree . very good communication ... job completed by the time they stated it would be . the cut tree portions were removed efficiently .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mikail and his crew did an excellent job on three trees that were hitting my roof and tiles . will definitely call on him again next time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have just recently discovered rubio 's and my belly is happy for it ! here 's why : 1.the food is tasty and high quality . 2 . huge selection of food , so everyone in your party will be happy for sure . 3 . the prices are reasonable for what you receive . 4 . the staff is extremely friendly . 5 . salsa bar ! the salsas are all yummy and you can have as much as you like . what 's not to like ? if you like mexican food and want to try something new , check out rubio 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would not say this is the cleanest restaurant . i was hesitant to use the self serve bar . i do n't expect perfection but i do expect to not see `` grime '' on the tea container & the fountain drinks the employees are very nice . i ordered 3 original fish tacos . soooo bomb", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my 2nd visit to a rubio 's ... .this one is in my neighborhood . my 1st experience with rubio 's was great and i was hoping this one would be good too . i was right ! i ordered a steak burrito w pinto beans ( $ 6.29 ) . it came out shortly and i went to the salsa bar to get their spicy salsa ... .it has some pretty good heat and i enjoy the flavor a lot . the burrito was very good and satisfying . i 'm glad i found this chain and that there 's one near my house ! return factor - 80 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't care what people say , but there are some chains that i love , and rubios is one of them . i love their original fish tacos . i do n't care for anything else on the menu . and anyone who hates on eating in chain restaurants ... i dare you to come to rubios . original taco plate , and substitute the beans for rice . yea , ... i said it ! i 'm done here , you need to know nothing else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love rubio 's . i 've never had a complaint at any of their locations . clean restaurants . good food . friendly employees . amber at this location is especially friendly and goes out of her way to ensure your experience is top notch . their tuesday fish taco deal is awesome . $ 1.50 after 2:30 pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for many years , i was resistant to the idea of fish tacos . little did i know what i was missing ! 8 years ago , i decided to try them at rubio 's and i 've never looked back ! on this particular visit , i redeemed my free birthday meal , which is a perk of signing up for their email notifications . consistently good food every time i visit !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been to many rubio 's in california and las vegas , but this rubio 's is by far the best i 've ever tried . i came in yesterday and ordered 3 street chicken tacos and 1 salmon taco with no sauce and i do n't think i 've ever had such fresh tacos . i mean it was literally mind blowing that a `` fast food '' joint can meet the standards of fresh . the chicken and the salmon was so tender it was freaking amazing . i 'm not sure if this rubio 's always delivers fresh tender meats on a regular basis or if this was just a fluke , but i 'm definitely coming back . i like this particular rubio 's the best not only , because the food was so delicious , but because the staff here is very friendly and seem to enjoy what they do here . i 'm definitely coming back real soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to eat their fish tacos years ago and i remembered them to be decent . we tried these again yesterday for their $ 1.50 tues special and the fish was so dry , and the batter thick and hard . the corn tortilla also was very thick and dense , though that was how i remembered them . the salsas are nothing special . the mild is very very mild . no spice at all . though if you like really spicy , there are two salsas in squeeze bottles next to the salsa bar and are very hot ! however the staff is friendly and competent , though i 'll probably not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "super friendly location and the food is awesome . rfmg is rfmg does ... .delicous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place will fix your fish taco craving in no time . come in on tuesdays for half off their classic fish taco after 2:30 pm ... but you may have to remind the cashier , because their registers do n't automatically give the discount . wish i 'd noticed this before i paid $ 8 . the shrimp verde taco is also good , but i 'd personally request it on corn tortillas . they 're currently promoting a langostino burrito that sounds tasty , but the fish tacos are reliably large and tasty . service is surprisingly friendly and this location is a bit more formal than their usual grab-and-go set up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the price of their tacos went up a little . their burritos are smaller than what i expect and you can get a bigger and tastier one from robertos . this is n't really even mexican food . it 's fake in my opinion . i also understand that it 's summer , but please make sure there 's no dead cockroaches on the side of the table . too over priced for what it 's worth and not that great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm addicted to the street tacos ! they are really yummy . i am sad i had n't tried this place before but will now be back for sure . i got the 3-plate combo so i got to pick from 3 tacos ( chicken , steak or carnitas ) and it came with rice and beans . i was able to mix-n-match the tacos so i picked one of each to try them all . they were all good but the carnitas was my favorite . inside is clean and the staff is super friendly . if you sign up on their e-mail list ( beach club ) you get a nice coupon to go towards the cost of your purchase on your birthday ! they also send other promotions . rubio 's also offers catering and fundraising services .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "steak burrito especial was delicious . perhaps it was the location ( lake mead ) or the fact that it was free . but kudos to rubios for using this promotional opportunity to dish out some good stuff . fast food tex mex done right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "wow ! i was so very pleasantly surprised with this place ! i had the mahi mahi burrito . there was delightfully flaky mahi mahi , rice , roasted corn , red onions , guacamole all wrapped in a delight flour tortilla . the serving seemed bigger than my head and came with tortilla chips that were perfectly crispy and sensationally salted . i sampled each salsa from the bar and have decided that the tomatillo is the one for me . i absolutely love that they have vanilla coke 'on-tap ' . we will absolutely be back for more . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom loves the food , and they have lobster right now ! getting my grub on , then hoping my headache goes away . the workers went way out of their way for us , even running next door because they were out of the drink my mom wanted ! the food was excellent , and the place was spotless . the decor is quirky , and there is always seating . i have never left hungry , and even though i think it 's pricey it is always worth it once i get there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "did n't find the hype everyone was talking about here . its my first time here on a tuesday afternoon . skipping out on breakfast , my buddy and i ordered the fish tacos on special . and just for the record they are $ 1.50 each , not a buck . ( makes a big difference when ordering 8 lol ) it was nice of them to bring my order to the table but , the food was not fresh to the bite nor very warm . seems like the fish was just sitting on a warm rack waiting to be ordered . aside the verde salsa , i did not catch flavor from the other three . especially the chipotle sauce which tasted more burnt than anything . do n't criticize me though , from all the other 4 and 5 star reviews , i may have received the bad batch of fish and sauce that day . i 'll be visiting again soon . : )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here last night with donald for taco tuesday ( $ 1.50 fish tacos after 2pm ) . there were quite a bit of people dining inside since they had the special going on , but there was n't any line at all , so we got our food right away . we ordered 3 fish tacos each , which was more than enough since they were pretty big , and a small fountain drink for only $ 12.26 . now that was a cheap dinner ! the fish was cooked well and the cabbage was fresh . the only thing i did n't really like was the corn tortillas because they were pretty thick and broke easily , but that was n't a big deal . i just wish there was a rubios closer to my side of town !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the ancho citrus grilled shrimp burrito was excellent . service was fast and friendly . will come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here since i heard of $ 1.25 fish taco tuesdays and every tuesday has been the same routine : get out of work , call rubio 's , order 3 flour fish tacos , and pick em up on my way to choir practice . every time i call and tell them my name , jesus always recognizes me when i come to pick them up . jesus brings back the comfort of being a regular at your favorite place and he always make that exception of ringing me as soon as i wall through those doors . thumbs up for jesus and the staff at rubio 's on lake mead ! happy eating ! : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my go-to place for fish tacos . you get a nice chunk of perfectly breaded n fried fish in every bite and their sauce is soooooo good ! throw on your favorite salsa and or fresh lime from their self-serve salsa bar and you 're set . a mouthful of great flavor , crunch , and spice . i mostly always crave for the original fish tacos . they 're what made them famous and for good reason . i also like the california bowl with tilapia . a healthy portion of fresco tomato salsa and some guacamole mixed in will keep you coming back for more . i come here at least once a month and i have a feeling that it might start becoming more frequent . restaurant atmosphere is a very laid back mexi-cali beachside vibe . a reflection of the mexican inspired , southern california roots .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love coming to this location . best of the best always clean and fresh and i love how nice the employees are . 1 complain is that sometimes on tacos tuesday 's it gets busy or during the soccer season but no one can help that it 's normal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best lunch spot in all of nw vegas . my absolute fave item on the menu is the blackened salmon burrito . in my humble opinion this is the most yummy-licious item they offer . bonus - every entree item comes with chips . and while you wait for your order there is a salsa bar that you can help yourself to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their salads ! the balsamic and roasted veggie salad is my fav along w the california bowl !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love tuesdays here ! ! fish tacos ! ! ! i get them with flour tortillas and an extra side of white sauce ! ! so yummy the salsas are also very good ! ! bomb dot com ! the beans are good too but for me it 's all about the fish tacos ! ! the best ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good food ! i had their fish and shrimp tacos and they were really good . the girl at the counter was in training and really nice . the salsa bar was clean and the salsa was pretty fresh . i was n't crazy about the corn tortilla , definitely like the flour tortilla better . but either way i would definitely eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yippee ! ! ! veggie tacos are back ! ! how can you not love portobello and poblano grilled on a corn tortilla with grilled cheese and then add chipotle white sauce , rice and a squeeze of lime-sooooo goooood . love love love this place . i discovered rubio 's about 3 years ago and for about 2 years i was there every friday for lunch . i could walk in and they would ring up my very specific order right down to the extra chipotle on the side . it is very nice to see great service like this place . fish tacos are great , guacamole is awesome ! people will say , `` oh , it 's like baja fresh , '' and i will kindly say `` no , it 's way better ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fast and friendly service here . i mostly go for taco tuesdays . there is never a long wait to order or to get your food . place is clean , salsa bar is always neat and well stocked . i love sitting outside when it 's warm , overall a good casual place to relax and have some tasty grub .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love love love rubios and taco tuesday 's ! i always come here for the tacos on tuesdays . the guy ryan at the cashier was great and def one of the harder working employees . when i walked in there the floor was covered in sticky goo and my feet kept sticking to the ground . also there was tons of lettuce and onion and cilantro on the floor . ryan was the only one to start sweeping the floor and tidying up the place . the other employee was like `` aww ryan , where were u the other night when we needed the floors sweeper ? '' this just tells me the employees do n't take pride in their work here . regardless of that mishap , the food here is amazing and always crunchy goodness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i come to rubio 's for one thing , the herb garlic shrimp tacos with bacon . i was craving these and i was on this end of town so i stopped by . this rubio 's has great seating ( inside and out ) and super friendly service . they were also sampling food options as you waited for your food . how awesome is that ? !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the go to for fish tacos . they have a deal for taco tuesday $ 1.50 each after two pm . well have like 10 tacos on our table . i usually get chips with my order because they have a salsa bar and one time i forgot to add it to the order the manager just gave me it for free . mad respect for the crew there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we came here on a whim and it was surprisingly tasty ! my husband had some kind of shrimp tacos with bacon ( it was good , i do n't think you can go wrong with shrimp and bacon ) and i had the beer-battered fish tacos with avocado and corn and some kind of tasty sauce . i thoroughly enjoyed everything except maybe the rice , but the chips and variety of salsa were really good ! after checking the nutritional info , i feel slightly scandalized , but not so scandalized that i wo n't go back , haha .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their service is fine their staffs are very attentive and good energy . food is very fresh and delicious . seems surfer friendly . kids loves the kids menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the fish tacos were really good and the sauce selections are n't lacking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give negative stars i would . i ordered 2 tacos to go . when i got home they were soaked through in sauce . when i opened the wrapping i thought ewww . they were so messy & unappetizing looking . but sometimes it tastes better than it looks . nope . the fish coating was terrible tasting . the sauce was gross . i was so disappointed but i could n't believe they world serve such ugly & disgusting food . i wanted to take it back & ask if the cooks if they 'd eat that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got some shrimp tacos when i was in town for a softball tournament they were excellent ! ! ! the service was great as always , i 'll definitely visit here again on my next trip . =^..^=", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ashley was prompt and took my order quick , the fish burrito was excellent ! i was in and out in less than 5 minutes thanks ashley ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love its place , i 'm eating almost every week and every time delicious never have n't problems with my order ... it 's my favorite place ... .thanks guys ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i alway enjoy this place . great food . head over after 2:00 pm on tuesday and have fish tacos for $ 1.50 each . enjoy", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not bad . not amazing or anything but not bad . the good : very friendly service fish tacos ! tortilla chicken soup was pretty awesome they have vanilla coke ! the not so good : my chicken burrito.. i ca n't remember which one i ended up going with , had tons of quac in it.. i like guac , but i could n't taste anything else in the burrito . so meh . was n't really impressed with the salsa . i love spicy salsa , but i also want it to have more flavor than just the pepper . probably will return for more of that tasty soup and taco . : )", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is really great at bringing what they are . mexican food . i adore their fish taco especial with wild alaskan pollock lettuce , guacamole , cheese , their special sauce , onions , cilantro , cabbage , and mild salsa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and menu selections , unbelievably fresh , and top-notch service . what more can i say ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! did you ever try their almost cold chicken enchiladas ? is it something new ? jk kinda ... was really hungry so did n't make a fuss but should 've ordered their fish tacos . if i come back again , i 'll make sure i 'm not really really hungry & i 'll have the fish tacos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when it comes to fast food that tastes good , too . rubio 's is a great catch absolutely love the blackened talapita taco . it 's a reel keeper ! . the employees are always pleasant and e-fish-nt . i 'm hooked .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love rubios ! ! with that said , there are good ones and bad ones . i have been to this one 3 times now and the food is always good , but the service is even better ! definitely a good one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always enjoy the food here . between a shrimp burrito or the original fish tacos i always have fresh and accurately prepared meals , ca n't say the same for other `` faster food '' locations . i however find it weird when they invite me to the salsa bar but what am i meant to eat with the salsa while i wait for my food ? wish you got chips before your meals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful people , great food , clean as a whistle , awesome service , and very comfortable environment all around . i never miss a chance to stop in here . this place is one of my favorite restaurants - period . a fantastic rubio 's ! ( be back soon ) ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only reason for my two star review was my dry ass steak in my street tacos . everything else is amazing ! even the atmosphere . clean friendly.. just dry streak-_-", "score": "2"}
{"review": "bomb ass street tacos forever fresh , enuff said !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best rubios in town ! everything was so clean and most importantly the food was fresh and delicious ! highly recommend.. everyone there is so sweet and welcoming .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok , i see rubios , baja fresh , caf\u00e9 de rio , robertos , and chipotle all as competitors . rubios is tops of all of them and i 'm not even a fish taco fan ( which is their claim to fame ) . the grilled gourmet tacos are fantastic . i enjoy the grilled chicken and the shrimp tacos personally , but they have a broad menu with many choices and tasty salsas at the salsa bar . for about the same price range of all of those listed , i think rubios is the value for your money .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love the greeting i get at rubio 's . my order is always correct and tastes great . the manager on during the day shift is pleasant and knows my name now . love the chicken tortilla soup .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have the best soup . tge salsa is amazing . toasted and roasted and whatnot . i like the taco and soup combo . he likes the coastal trio . yum ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down , the best rubio 's in vegas . great service , great food ... .and even though i order the same thing most of the time ( most of the employees know my order when i walk in the door ) for whatever reason , it 's the best here ... .perfect amount of each ingredient . love it that there 's a salsa bar that i can get myself . wish they served beer here ... .that would make it a 5 star place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have not been to a rubio 's in years because i was not a fan of the menu . i am glad that i returned . i love that my food was brought to the table . the condiments bar is a nice place to add some more flavor to your meal . food was light and filling . i did n't feel heavy and overstuffed afterwards . a big step up from other `` mexican '' fast food places .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've lived about two minutes away from this place for years but only recently stopped in for the first time . maybe because i do n't eat seafood and did n't realize they would offer awesome chicken tacos ! i like that they have plenty of gluten free options too . the grilled gourmet , classic and street tacos are all great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first timers . i enjoyed the food and the service was great . girl at the register asked how everything was when we were done : ) i indulged in the chicken enchiladas with green sauce . chicken was fresh and the black beans were good too . was n't a huge fan of the rice . just lacked a certain flavor for me . my husband got the chicken street tacos which were really good too . he added extra salsa from the salad bar because he loves his salsa . the tomatillo salsa was my absolute favorite . i added it to my enchiladas . it was perfect . i 'll definitely eat here again : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their food but customer service was really bad i was surprised rubios was always nice to come too not anymore i take my food to go", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i drove by this place so many times without even considering it . so a friend suggested it . i have to say i love fish tacos . this place did not disappoint . it 's now one of my favorites .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have a habit of finding a food location , eating everything on the menu everyday for over a month , then getting sick of it all , and that is yet to happen here ! first off i love fish , and fish is their speciality , so the relationship is now mutual . getting a delicious ono burrito after a hard workout at the gym is a great pick me up . they have your typical steak and chicken burrito options if your not in the mood for fish , and these are also great . there is alway some new flavor on the menu to try . there food items are not swimming in grease so you wont feel like you swallowed a lead ball when your finished chowing down . if its your first time i recommend the blackened ono burrito . if you want some shrimp , give the mesquite shrimp burrito a go . this location is next to whole foods on lake mead off the 95 exit . oh , comes stocked with a salsa bar as well . grab a churro and enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is a tad too spicy for me due to the sauces , but a fresher and healthier choice when compared to typical fast food fare . very good service . a bit higher in price than i 'd like . salsa bar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love their food , so easy to order for pick up , fast . all the workers are friendly and never make mistakes in the orders !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has great food and the friendly staff is the best ! fish tacos were great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food great service , but i do recommend more options for people who do n't eat meat or dairy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i only go to rubio 's for one thing : chicken california bowl . if you think about it , you can get something far superior to a chipotle bowl for less than the chipotle bowl with guacamole . it 's also a gigantic meal and i always split it into two . the california bowl has the standard rice , beans , meat , lettuce , guacamole , and pico de gallo , with a choice of red or green salsa . the game changer is the chipotle sauce which is probably sour cream with chipotle but it really keeps the bowl from being too dry even if it no doubt adds calories . there 's a salsa bar where you can get more salsa , onions and cilantro , limes , jalape\u00f1os and carrots . it 's a little difficult to navigate quickly with the small cups they give you but i usually go back 2-3 times . rubio 's usually gets pretty packed around lunchtime and i see people leave as soon as they see the line but it goes by quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great place for affordable , good quality , mexican food . the burritos have lots of flavor in them and are seasoned very nicely for a good mexican taste . the salsa bar is great and let you add your own onions and cilantro to your salsa which helps since people can choose how much onion they want in their salsa . the staff is very friendly and the food comes out at a good pace . i love the fact that they use silverware and ceramic plates . the only thing i would say is that the food portions are not as big as i would prefer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food . salsa verde shrimp tacos are my favorite , i can eat them everyday . another thing i like about them that my meal usually ready in a 3-5 minutes . manager server alfredo is always friendly and welcoming", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bomb as hell love the lobster burrito the tortilla chips are entirely legit . the carne taco is also incredible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "someone had to twist my arm to come here and i 'm glad they persuaded me . surprisingly yummy and cheap fish tacos . i 'm told rubio 's brought the fish taco to the us .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "clean , laidback environment , always friendly staff and delicious meals . mom and i visit often and are always treated to a pleasantly casual experience . the only thing i 'd give 1 star to would be the music that 's always playing . pushing that aside , the food 's responsibly grown and raised , so for us food-conscious people that 's a huge plus . the bowls offer a lot of bang for their buck-they 're filling , and i have a very big appetite . mom and i will continue being repeat customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "me and my sister went out for dinner and the food was great the server was quick and even thou the order was wrong she fixed it and we were able to have our dinner without much delay . thanks for the awesome evening .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here based on yelp reviews . the server was great very helpful with menu choices . had fish taco trio it was delicious and filling . also tried the chicken salad and chicken quesadilla . they were all delicious . clean and pleasant atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love rubios . they have the best flavors . my favorite is the gourmet shrimp with black beans instead of pinto . i like this place better than other more expensive mexican restaurants . i like the salsa bar . i visited this location on lake mead . the service was very good and the food was amazing ! thanks , rubios , for making my taste buds happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here many , many times over the years but yesterdays visit is what prompted the review . first let me say i love the food here and would come more often it they were in the direction that i travel often so they usually are just a treat for me . while doing errands and after christmas shopping this was the perfect spot for a light lunch . i forgot to tell them no bacon on my food and when i took it back up i apologized , said it was my fault and i would pay for new tacos but they took it and made me fresh food with no bacon at no charge . super nice about it , no attitude that you usually get when you take food back . i read the other reviews about cleanliness and although i was n't looking for it directly it all appeared clean to me . all of table were clean and the drink area and salsa bar was all clean and stocked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fish tacos and the cheese enchiladas are scrumptious . i have ordered here many times and have always had a consistently good experience . nice portions . the price is very affordable , as well , compared to many other mexican food joints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered the gourmet steak taco plate with two taco 's and it came with chips and pintos beans the tacos were very good as were the chips . the pinto beans left much to be desired and lowered the rating remember to ask for rice instead of the beans . the mango and the regular iced teas were also good with both lemon and lime added .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fave taco spot ever ! rubio 's needs to be more recognized - amazing , thumbs up all the way ! ! ! & do n't forget to sign up to become a beach club member + taco tuesday is the best day of the week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a delicious lunch . i got the 2 classic taco plate . i substituted rice for the beans with no problem . the manager was great . i like have they have stevia and 2 different unsweetened tea options . i like the food being delivered to you by name and on real plates . i thinks it 's great that their to-go food is served in paper boxes instead of styrofoam . the salsas bar had good choices and the chips were tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place , best seafood mexican chain restaurant i know of . my first time at this location , it 's nice and clean . big fan of the outdoor seating area . i think i have had almost all the items on the menu , but i would say my favorite has to be the gourmet shrimp taco ( i get mine with a flour tortilla ) , taste better than most of the expensive mexican restaurants . i also like to get the chicken tortilla soup , it 's delicious . it has the perfect amount chicken and its full of flavor . so to sum it all up , it 's the best costal mexican taco shop not in mexico .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always great food and great service . greeted promptly and employees make the effort to bring the food out to you . salmon burrito is my favorite .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love rubio 's ! i could eat the chipotle ranch chicken salad every day ! we go here at least every couple of weeks . i always say i 'm going to try something different , but nope , i always go back to my favorite . the price is good and the salad is a great size . my husband loves their tacos and burritos . my son absolutely loves the bean and cheese burrito . i 've heard great things about the street tacos too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rubios is one of my favorites , its got a great atmosphere , super nice employees , and its great if you 're a pescatarian like me . rubios offers a lot of choices .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love rubio 's . when i need my fix i go to the one off of sahara and fort apache . the food is absolutely delicious . it taste fresh , i have never had bad food . i usually order the original two fish taco plate it comes with beans and chips . my kids love their bean burritos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the fact they have a low carb wrap ! i will forever drive by the `` chip '' place i used to know so well.. keep up the good work ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love this place and eat there often . it has fresh food , is consistant and very clean . the staff is very friendly and gets to know its customers . so far , our best place to eat in our area ! the girls that work there have become like friends to us , amber and vanba especially . we ate there again last night and again we were pleased . you always leave there full and content ! we always wind up going back there . we highly recommend this rubio 's to anyone looking for a good meal in a friendly , clean environment . ~eileen and john~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i eat here often . i love the cabo plate which had a fish taco , shrimp burrito , chips & beans . great salsa bar . awesome fish taco is crunchy & tasty . burrito is amazing . service is always amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been here a couple of times . food is always good and so is the service . we 'll definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good but for expecting fast service i was a bit disappointed . the cashier was sweet but this place just seemed very understaffed and it took a bit for the food to come out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this place ! when come to vegas come and enjoy great mexican food ! their motto fresh , organic and no msg or gmos in their food ! beans are amazing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rubios is a great way to beat the heat and enjoy a nice refreshing salad which is amazing.. i always get the chipotle ranch salad and it is exquisite you ca n't go wrong with anything you get because it all is amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good food and great service . can get busy with a long wait at lunch . i like the burritos . the blackened mahi is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service , and very nice store and the salesman was wonderful and extremely knowledgeable ! i would definitely recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mattresses are way overpriced . they will really bring down the price with intense negotiations if you buy that day . even so , may not get the best value . manager rolled her eyes when i said i was going to shop around . more interested in the sale than making customer happy . go to the clearance center on the beltline !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i just walked out buying my new 2016 fiat 500x ! i could n't be happier . we worked with drew and mac today . they were so friendly , so nice , and helpful . i will definitely go back to them whenever i need .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience buying a car from the fiat dealership in avondale ( now salazar fiat ) . the staff was really helpful and friendly . had an awesome experience working with fabian , the sales manager .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very rude manager , salesman did n't know the first thing on any car . i still like the fiat car and brand ... but i do not recommend this location . at least until they can improve on their customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i bought my 2014 fiat 500l 3 years ago , i moved to la . today , my navigation was playing tricks on me , asking me for a code all of a sudden . from la , i called the dealership , spoke to shane , transferred to john at the service dept. , 30 mins later , mr.john called me back for my code ! god sent indeed ! this is what 1000000 % customer service means , and this is what it means when we say make ameruca great again ! thank you fiat avondale ! ! ! ... . vote trump pence 2016 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service department saved us today . the removed the alarm installed by bill luke fiat that went completely psycho and shut our car down . thank you for rescuing us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a rough november but today has started of as a positve day ... the car dealership # fiat larry miller called us back to redo the paperwork ..they said that another bank offered an different finance ... didnt know what to expect we walked in ... and he pulled out the paper work ... .not only did the cut the payments in half ( i swear ) they also took off 12 months ... mind u she has no credit .. ( we both cried ) .i am grateful that there still exist people who are willing to help those in need..he said ..so with that being said i promised them that i would send them anyone i know ... who needs a new car and it is a new car ... please vist mack mcpherson and his team including there money man yacov yehuda . say i sent u and they will work there magic # sograteful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's nice having an actual fiat , alfa romeo studio close by . no pressure buying along with no pressure service make this place a win win .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had an appointment with service to get my vehicle looked at . talked to the service writer for less than sixty seconds and recorded the whole conversation . i explained the problem i was having with the car , he told me that since the car was lowered modified it would not be covered under warranty . then as soon as he heard me say magnuson-moss warranty act and attorney he walked away and told me he could no longer talk to me . so let me explain the law . a dealer can not refuse to repair your vehicle under warranty without first inspecting and then proving that the modification itself caused the part to fail . it is that simple and it is the law . larry miller fiat avondale never inspected the car , but rather just took the position that because it was modified it would not be covered under the warranty . a clear violation of federal law 15 u.s.c . \u00a7 2301 .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "upside down in my vehicle no warranty never really looked into fiats up until a month ago finally decided to take the trip down to avondale from the east valley well worth it very friendly salesman saleswoman bill and stephanie to the manager to the finance guys great customer service they will not pressure you at all and they 're very honest with how they can help and work with you now i 'm driving a fiat 500x trekking and i love it : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently filed bankruptcy and received at least 50 flyers in the mail from larry miller dealerships wanting to finance me . what a joke . i signed up online filling out application , i was called from a salesman at larry miller fiat , come on down we can get you in a car , we own the bank , prestige financial , what a joke ! . he looked online at all there dealerships looking for the right car , he found one . 2010 chevrolet cobalt , i have never been in jail but i have seen jail cell movies that the jail cell looked cleaner , yea it had new tires and low 60k miles but it was nasty inside . like $ 366 for 66months and you can trade it after making 12 payments , yea right who wants a 2010 cobalt you still owe 10k on lol . please do yourself a favor when you receive these flyers and look around . camel back ford was the best place i went to and did n't treat me like i had bad credit .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i went to larry miller after visiting a few other fiat studios . they were the only studio that took the time to listen to me and find a fiat that find my needs . i was n't particularly difficult but i found that other studios wanted to sell certain cars and it did n't matter what i wanted . eric and mac found the right car for me and made the whole process painless . then robin in finance made the financing process very easy and i 'm very happy with my new fiat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "perfect coney ... perfect `` de-twa '' coney ! the guy even sells town club and of course faygo pop . yes ... pop ... not soda ! the owner was nice friendly and proud - and i love seeing that sort of sincere passion with someone and their business ... it carries over into their food ! the coney was about as legit as it gets too . a detroit coney is a bit more savory than other coneys ... which can be good but different . anyway , a true coney is n't for everyone ... but , in my humble opinion everyone should try one ! : ) - this guy has nailed it - bringing phoenix a nice little piece of detroit - the good part : ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this place randomly one day looking for a place to get a burger . i came in and the people are super friendly and very helpful helping you choose what you want to eat . i 've had the burger there ( they grind their own meat ) and it was one of the best burgers i 've had . i went back on a later date and got the snap hot dog with mustard and sauerkraut and it was delicious . i went today and got a chili cheese snap hot dog and it was amazing as well . the fries were crunchy and delicious . the staff comes to make sure you 're enjoying your food and your stay . i would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good burger or hot dog . and this place does n't only sell hot dogs and burgers , but they also have gyros and salads . so they have something for everyone . when you get the chance or are in the area , i recommend you stop by and get some friggin phenomenal food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to stop by after seeing that this place was # 30 on yelps top 100 of 2015 list . i 'm not sure if i do n't appreciate a good coney dog i 've never been to detroit , but i did n't find the food here that special . perhaps it 's because i expected the food to blow me out of the water and had high expectations , but i did n't think the coney dog to be out of this world good . the fries i had were pretty good and the interior decorations do give it a nice homey feel though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "found this original detroit style coney island , its just like home the best anywhere in az . it taste just like being back in detroit at the coney islands , its a must have , must go if you are from michigan ! ! ! friendly owner and staff they make like your back in detroit ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so lucky to have a place like this in arizona , not only should people familiar with the coneys from detroit visit this place but people all across arizona should come give it a try . i know the owner is now catering events which i know would be a big hit with even the toughest critic . this place will make you think very differently about what a chili dog should taste like which will keep you coming back over and over again . looking forward to watching this concept grow in arizona .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "simple and tasty , limited menu but get to the point , small but just what you need . my favorite is the buffalo chicken salad", "score": "5"}
{"review": "reminds me of being back in detroit with the family ! great food and great service ! the dogs are a lil different than in michigan but the chili is good and the greek salad was perfect ! it did n't come with beets but you can ask for em and they 'll provide them . they have vernors and all kinds of faygo and rock n rye is my favorite ! if you 're from detroit this is a must visit and if you 're not from detroit , then give it a try and if for whatever unforeseen reason you do n't like it , at least enjoy some detroit love !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "please stop giving this place good reviews ! just because you ate dog food back home in detroit does n't mean it 's good ! it smelt like a portapoty inside and i walked out literally smelling like a fry cook . if you decide to eat there please make sure you eat outside . you might enjoy your dog food a little bit more .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just like heading back home ... my kids and i love eating here , i highly recommend it to anyone who misses the snap of a real coney dog . the staff is excellent and the owner has true midwest hospitality . i drive from mesa to enjoy this place but would gladly travel further . maybe you can open one on dobson and southern ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . moved to arizona 10 years ago and missed coney dogs and better made chips ever since . along comes the coney grill with authentic detroit style food and brands . as long as the doors are open i will be a customer of this establishment . awesome owners . customers are unlike any other place as they often start conversations amongst themselves . guess we are all just proud to be from the great city of detroit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "instantly transported 2k miles back to mi as soon as you walk in . from the decor , to the friendly detroit hospitality , to the authentic eats . would love if you decided to expand out further east . even if you 're not from mi , you will love this place . oh , faygo in a bottle , need i say more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far the best coney in az . their burgers are even better . the staff is very friendly and it really is s joy to eat there.great job dave ! ! jim ( squared )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time having coney anything . some really good stuff here . went with the big `` d '' burger with mushrooms , every bite was amazing . will definitely make the effort to comeback anytime i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and service here is amazing . this place is a must try if you 're in the tempe area", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped here and was impressed with the staff and the food ! everyone who works here is proud of how good the food is and it shows . mostly everything here is fresh and made in house . i do n't like chili but the chili here was so good , more of a meatsauce with middle eastern flair . the hot dog was mild and the cheese sauce on it was so good . my boyfriend got a triple burger and loved every bite . glad to see a place that is so good and that really cares about what customers think .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch after an airport run and looking on yelp . ordered a double cheeseburger and the owner asked how was my burger after a few bites . i said it was over cooked and dry . he immediately made me a replacement no charge and said `` no one gets a bad burger in my place . '' 2nd burger was very good . will return again !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "burgers so good you 'll want too sew your butt shut . 4 stars because once i got a gyro and onion rings and i was given 6 onion rings and no taziki sauce on the gyro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far my favorite place to eat in tempe . the food is fantastic and always fresh , the service is great , and david , what can i say about david ? ! ! , along with his crew are absolutely amazing ! ! check it out , you 'll never regret it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast friendly service . faygo ! ! food was good and the entire family enjoyed our various orders . one negative is the big bun to dog ratio , it 's good for the full coney toppings but for anyone wanting a simple hot dog it 's too much bun . one a scale of 1 to 10 ... 8.6 ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "legit detroit coneys . eat with faygo rock n ' rye . detroit coney 's are legendary in d town . hot dogs are good quality with detroit 's own take on coney chili . fast and friendly service and a great way to get in touch with your inner midwestern . casual fast food environment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after my first visit to detroit coney grill , i was hesitant to leave a 5-star review . i wanted to be more objective and wondered if i was n't wearing homer goggles . after multiple visits it 's clear that detroit coney grill is legit . everything i 've ordered has been top notch . the coney dogs , the loose burgers and the classic burgers and , of course , the fresh cut fries ( go cajun style ! ) . they do it all and they do it greatly . you will not find a better coney dog in the valley . it does not matter where you are from , the food is fantastic . detroit coney grill has become one of my favorite dining spots in the valley . this is also the only place i know of where i can order food and wipe my feet on an ohio state rug ( the homer in me loves this ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is the real deal for coneys . best in az and in a blind taste test i bet you 'd have trouble telling which chili was `` made in detroit '' and which was made in tempe . even better they do not short you on the chili . they provide enough to where it overflows just a little bit with each bite . additionally , they also give an ample amount of chili on the chili fries so that you do n't have all the ones on the bottom without chili . my only complaint , if you can even call it that , were the fries themselve were not exactly like you 'd get at a coney in detroit . this is not to say they are not good ... because they are very tasty ... they are just different .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived in detroit for awhile and i always ate at coney island , when i moved back to arizona i tried all the coney islands here and they all were terrible . i came to detroit coney island in tempe for the first time 05 22 15 and after trying the chili cheese fries i knew they were an actual detroit coney island . i found my home here in az and i will be coming here all the time . i give 10 stars to this place ! thank you ! and i live in verrado 45 mins west of tempe ! the owner is super friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was extremely friendly . greets you with a smile , comes and ask how everything is after ordering , and makes sure to say goodbye after eating ! the coneys are delicious ! never tasted crunch in a hot dog like i did with detroit coney ! all of that at a really cheap price ! will be coming back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all i can say is wow . this restaurant delivers a little taste of home in the desert . being from the detroit area , i was skeptical of how well they would portray this detroit tradition . the chili was spot on . the hot dogs were just as good , if not better , than what you get back home . and the 'hani ' was better than most in michigan . the owner ( dave ? ) was very welcoming and passionate about the business . overall , great experience . they surely brought pure michigan to the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do not say this much , about anything , i love this place . they make a delicious burger and the staff is friendly", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been so excited to eat in my life . this was so delicious ! the owner was so sweet and it was super packed . which showed that it definitely is a good restaurant ! and it 's around the corner from me : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks to dave and the guys from bring the d to the az ! ! ! love the town club ! ! ! now bring it to gilbert ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service the owner is extremely friendly and makes sure things are done right ! awesome coney dogs and burgers . definitely check this place out when in the phoenix area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love ! detroit coney dog is awesome . both the cajun and red hot fries are the bomb ! staff is awesome ! get there early as the line is long .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best coneys , burgers and salads around ! it 's like a piece of home for me and my family ! we love dave ( the owner ) and all of the employees ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "real , `` michigan style '' coney dog ! from the chili to the vienna style weeny . havent tried anything else on their menu , however i dont really see a need to . suckin on chili dawgs outside the dcg ... . !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coneys ! chili , mustard and onion - just the way i like 'em . very friendly staff . the fries were great also . will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's been almost 20 years since i lived in michigan and have been craving a hani . the food at detroit coney grill is outstanding . it hit he spot and took me back to hockeytown !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "taste like home . the coneys are awesome , then add a faygo and some `` better made '' chips , how can you go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! a real detroit coney . a hot dot with a snap , perfect chili and real vernors and faygo to boot . now we have to get them to open another farther north for all his many fans that need a fix . taco haus , 7318 e. shea , has closed and would be ideal for us hungry fans . add your voice to a new location ! linda k .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is incredible . we got the chicken greek salad with beets . yummy ! and the coney combo with cajon fries . so good ! ! ! the service was above and beyond . excellent job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there burgers are a1 straight flames for your big appetite munchies . there coney dogs are authentic as hell . taste just like detroit michigan 's coney dogs ! ! there burgers are like gods gift to my burger obsession ! ! big , juicy , and comes with the works . i very much recommend this location to any burger or coney lover , its a must visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burgers come fast and are cooked immediately . they absolutely melt in your mouth . the beef is sourced from detroit . i can see why the burgers are rated 9th in the nation by food network . if you 're looking for something different this is not it , but what they have done is perfected their burgers . i also had their coney and it crunches in your mouth when you bite into it . the fries are made out of actual potatoes and not the sorry frozen and mushy excuses for fries you see at other restaurants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a burger , fries , coney dog , and chili cheese fries . the burger was delicious ! ! ! ! the chili cheese fries needed seasoning ... homemade fries ... no seasoning . the chili cheese dog was nothing special . i 'd come back for the burger for sure though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "can i just say that this place.. is amazing ! tastes just like the coney dogs back home . i 'm so glad i discovered this place . my sister and i have been in twice now coming from paradise valley . they definitely need a location by us ! ! the owner is a super nice guy and his staff is great too ! no complaints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to eat , stopped here while i was in the area was a little skeptical but boy was i wrong very good flavor ... i am a very picky and plain eater and they have a very simple menu and can whip up almost anything for you , amazing customer service dave is the best i can already tell . live in mesa let 's get a location out here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "faygo soda brought back memories . chili dog was great . a few onions go a long way . do n't over do it unless you really like fresh chopped white onions . the curly fries were just ok . i was expecting cajun seasoning with a little more flavor and bite . not happening . nothin special . the hot dog was good . nice snap when you bit into it . trust me on the onion thing tho . oh yeah . i 'm from cincinnati and nothing beats skyline chili so take my review with a grain of salt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh my tummy is happy ! my husband and son came here once before and raved about it . tonight we all went . the handcut fries are perfect ! the freshness of the detroit dog definitely represented in the `` snap '' of the dog . delicious ! staff was proud to serve these delicious dogs , super friendly and came to check on how we liked everything . we will be back ! thanks detroit coney grill for a delicious dog !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we moved to arizona from the detroit metro area 10 years ago and have been waiting for a place like this . it was delicious ! ! we could n't decide what to get , so we got a few items to split . the coneys were great - rivaled any coney joint in michigan . the chicken pita was fantastic- get it with feta ! my favorite were the fries . they make them fresh right there and you can really tell . the owner was friendly and welcoming , and all of the staff was helpful and had smiles . we live in queen creek and would love one of these in the south east valley ! ! we will definitely be back- keep up the good work ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg , ca n't figure this one out for the life of me . fresh cut fries - soggy all beef hot dog - mushy double cheeseburger - minuscule and tasteless not to mention filthy and unfriendly . enough said .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there must have been a change in management since either one of the last two reviews were posted , every time i get burger king here my food is almost always fresh and even if it is n't it 's still kept warm and is n't very bad at all . whenever you order an actual sandwich that is n't just a cheap dollar one they usually ask you to pull ahead and wait , i know it 's fast food but at least now you know they 're making your food fresh , so this is actually a good thing . the food i get from here is also not very sloppy , the burgers and sandwiches are not crushed they look similar to what you would see on the commercial . overall a 4 star because it 's not a perfect burger king but it is a very good one , at least now it is if it was n't back in 2012 like the other reviews are dated .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the worst customer service ever . there was barely anyone there and they could not handle the volume . the one kid flipped the bird . i know customer service sucks as a job but get over yourself . all you have to do is communicate with your customers and they usually do not mind ... like for instance saying `` we will be right with you '' or `` sorry about your wait '' makes all the difference !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this bk sucks . i sometimes have to desperately go there after the bars starving because it is the only thing open . cold cold cold ! the food is always cold , hard and flavorless .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this bk should have no stars ! several months ago they served me a raw chicken sandwich ( drive-thru ) . management never responded to the picture i emailed . irresponsible and downright horrifying !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lina is amazing with pedicures . $ 20 for a pedi and $ 32 for the gel pedi . it 's in a brand new shopping center , where the shell gas station is . come to this gem in las vegas . they actually take their time with you . owner speaks english ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice and clean salon . amanda did a great job and it 's reasonably priced good location right off rainbow and russell . pedicure was very relaxing and my nails looked great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do not go here ! they place their tools directly on the floor , they do n't know how to cut cuticles . there was a girl getting a pedicure next to me and her lady handed off the tools she was using on to my lady . my lady pulled on my cuticles and my big toe was drenched in blood . i was in so much pain and discussed that i walked out . this place needs a visit from the department of sanitation or something .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for the second time going there i was cut on my cuticles in my manicure and pedicure done by different people . it 's been 4 days and my finger and my toe are still sensitive and sore ! 2 out of 2 times is not good ! ! ! ! ii", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a guitar shop that does n't let you play guitars . guy behind the counter was wigging out for wanting to look at a guitar on the wall after i had just spent $ 40 on a tuner and drumsticks . some cheap off-brand pos guitar that was `` vintage '' . god i hate that word . please ... i asked for a refund after this and he would not give it to me as part of their `` policy '' . will not go back again . no wonder the place is always empty and they have mostly generic gear . go to a real music store , this place was is bullshit .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been going here since i was a kid in the 70 's . still around , and that says a lot . with many of the original people still there . i have bought a lot from this store as well as lessons from great teachers . good selection guitars and accessories also do repairs for string instruments .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to ron zehel 's guitar center for all things guitar since 1998 . this is a great local business that has a great selection . i personally know that ron renick and jeff nickoloff are two top rated teachers that can teach at any level . i do n't get to make it out there much anymore but i always find great guitar gear at competitive prices . jeff does excellent set-ups and has a vast knowledge of gear . if you are interested in quality instruments and instructors that are second to none , you have to do yourself a favor and go to ron zehel 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there was an option to give gin & sake 100 stars i would , 5 stars just does n't seem like enough ! brandon and jill were beyond accommodating , professional , laid-back ( in the way me as a bride could completely appreciate ) , flexible , and more than a pleasure to work with on our wedding day and our engagement session . we received our edited files so quickly after both our photo shoots with them and they were able to capture not only what we wanted , but more than we could have imagined ! if you are interested in great photography , an awesome personality , and a truly talented artist , hire gin & sake for any of your photography needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when it came time for me to do a photoshoot for a project , there was no doubt in my mind i had to even second guess as to who would shoot it . brandon 's work exceeds anyone else 's because he not only has a creative eye but a great personality and is beyond exceptional to work with . he does n't just sit there and take the pictures , he will give you ideas on how to pose and what looks the best . his number one priority is to make sure you get the best photos anyone could ever take .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandon was awesome ! he joined me and my fianc\u00e9 and our friends family for a pre wedding cocktail party bus tour around vegas . he made some great recommendations for photos locations and the pictures came out beautiful ! he delivered the pictures to us before we had even returned from our honeymoon . i would recommend him to anyone who 's looking to photograph a non traditional wedding event !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandon did an excellent job with my engagement photos . he was excellent to work with , accommodating , and produced high quality photos . price : for the quality of work and the level of professionalism demonstrated the experience was definitely worth the price tag . customer service : brandon was very helpful with providing location ideas , responded to emails and questions in a timely manner and was very professional . production : the turnaround time on brandon 's work is excellent . within 7 business days i had a link to my digital files available for download and print at my leisure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got married in vegas last month and we 're thrilled with our photos ! ca n't say enough good things about brandon . the shoot was fun , relaxed and he ran it like a true professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our favorite vendor ! brandon provided excellent communication and was super responsive , this was key to planning a destination wedding from the other side of the country . we were lucking enough to coordinate a trip to vegas for an engagement photo shoot . i was a little nervous since we had a specific shot we wanted to obtain for our save the date . i quickly relaxed with bandon 's fun , easy going and professional demeanor . not only did we get the shot we wanted ( fear and loathing movie cover ) but he took us to the exact location where it was filmed and even found the old cadillac for us to rent for the shoot . i immediately knew we had made the right decision . as for the big day , he did not disappoint . we got tons of great shots blending a broad range of style from traditional to journalistic . the photos from both shoots arrived very quickly and the quality was fantastic . we have already had a ton of compliments on his photography . thank you , brandon . for capturing the memories of our big day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used brandon for shoots and what can i say ? he 's professional , talented , super sweet , and easy to work with . he has a true passion for his work and it shows ! do n't be fooled by other gin and sake imitators . brandon is gin and sake ! save the drama , just book brandon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i use gin and sake for my real estate photos and i could n't be happier . i have used dozens of photographers in the past mostly with disappointing results . i use gin and sake exclusively now and have not been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is there a way to give more than 5 stars ? seriously , brandon was so amazing with us . my fiance and i came into vegas for our birthdays , and decided to shoot our engagement photos as well , but we were on a budget . insert brandon and gin & sake productions . brandon was super responsive and great in emails , amazing at making us feel comfortable during our shoot , and even was willing to pick us up from our hotel to take us on multiple locations . we genuinely could not have asked for a better engagement photographer ... . and the photos ? brandon shot us on thursday evening , and we got our photos back on saturday ! and the quality was amazing ! ! so natural and beautiful edited , without looking edited at all . thank you brandon ! you 're the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't say enough good things about brandon and his team . we hired him for our wedding and engagement photos . i had asked the world of facebook if anyone knew of a great photographer in vegas and he was recommended by 2 different friends that have no relation to each other . he was quick with his responses to my emails and a huge help to figure out the `` style '' we were going for and since i had no idea at all , it was a huge help . we did our engagement sessions out near red rock canyon and they were beautiful ! our wedding photos were even better and he did such a great job of capturing not only great posed pictures ... but also some of the best moments of the reception . i would highly recommend him and his team to anyone for any event . he is super down to earth , very friendly and extremely talented . thanks for everything brandon ! you rocked our socks off ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got married on october 3 , 2014 . i scoured the internet looking for photographers and came across gin and sake productions . we really liked their style and met with brandon to discuss our save the date pictures . he was professional and gave us great advice so that we could get the best photos and we did . we had him shoot us again for our wedding because we loved the save the date photos so much . they were the only vendor during the whole process of planning our wedding that was perfect and as such , the only vendor that i would recommend to anyone . brandon and jill are both fun , professional , amazing photographers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandon and jill are amazing . they were my wedding photographers and i would n't change anything . brandon was even my slash wedding planner : ) he had so many great ideas and captured so many amazing shots . i could n't be more happier with my pictures . he made the day the perfect and i felt like he was my best friend ! ! thank you so much brandon for everything you did that day . you are truly talented and i wish you all the best . i loved my wedding day and i love my wedding pictures ! ! ! ! xoxox - kaisa", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gin & sake brandon & jill photographed my son and new daughters wedding on friday , august 8th . i have never seen a couple that are so professional , yet down to earth . they were so fun to work with and knew exactly how to interact with everyone . they are so personable ! they also shot the engagement photos and they are absolutely beautiful . i have no doubt the wedding photos will be top notch . thank you brandon and jill for the greatest experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for something unique and personal , book them now ! brandon was responsive , flexible and very reasonably priced . we tend to be a bit awkward in photo sessions and wanted to make it fun . we presented our idea to him of having a casino ( the movie ) inspired engagement shoot and he was all in . what really made us book him was not only his work but that you can read the excitement in his emails about the shoot . we were not disappointed and can you say speedy turn around ? ? he had our images in less than 48 hours , i was at the airport when we got the email . we 're from houston , and he absolutely worked with us on every level , question and concern . thank you brandon for the amazing images and knowing exactly how to capture our crazy idea . we can ; t wait to see what you capture at our wedding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for our wedding , we worked with brandon from the start and he was always able to be reached , listened to what we wanted , and was easy to work with . his photos came back ready for us to view in less than 48 hours ( maybe earlier , we were on our honeymoon and did n't check ) . and the pictures were beautiful ! ! he completely captured the moments and emotion without being in your face . i would completely recommend him for your day . gin and sake are a company you can trust for quality ! ( and affordable ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brandon was amazing ! the pictures came out so beautiful and he was so professional ! from engagement photos to the day of our wedding ! he is great , we would highly recommend him to everyone . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome awesome awesome ! not just the pictures , but brandon & jill as well ! ! ! they were so easy to work with ... from setting up an appointment to the actual shoot . we had our engagement photos taken at the neon museum and old town vegas . we love how the pictures turned out ... very modern and not '' cheesy '' ( our special request ) and they were so open to letting us be ourselves and giving our own vision suggestions . and best of all , brandon had the pictures in our inbox in 2 days ! ! if we were n't having our wedding in the philippines , we would 've wanted to use them for the wedding too ! super fun and we ca n't wait to have another reason to shoot with them again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved working with brandon . he takes great photos without being pushy and has a way of making everyone look great . also he truly loves taking pictures so he 's able to capture the moments that happen spontaneously .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after looking into various photographs in the las vegas area my fiance ( now husband ) and i decided on gin & sake . looking through their website i immediately fell in love with their photography style , and after emailing brandon back and forth i was even more sold . it seemed right off the bat he knew what i wanted from our pictures . their pricing is great and brandon really puts a lot of effort into getting as many shots as possible in great locations . jill was super helpful as well in helping my fiance and i relax since i 'm super awkward in photos . i just saw the pictures and they are amazing ! if you want beautiful , well priced photos with a professional who knows what hes doing then definitely go with gin & sake ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful experience with a local family owned business ! ! i had been asking around the gilbert area wondering is someone could recommend a personal trainer and ti fitness was at the top of the list . i have been under terrance ' instruction as my personal trainer for a month now and already feel the results . he is incredibly knowledgeable , kind and courteous as is the rest of the staff . best trainer in the biz and he 'll make sure you receive the best conditioning training possible . well worth your time ! ~stew", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love working out at ti fitness ! they have some of the best trainers in the business . i enjoy my workouts with terrance johnson and have seen some great results . i am healthier and in better shape than i 've been in a long time . i would recommend ti fitness to anyone ! j. terry", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to ti fitness for a few weeks now , and i can attest to the efficacy of their fitness program . i consider myself to be in pretty good shape ( i cycle over 100 miles each week ) but every time i work out here , i walk out feeling completely exhausted . i have already lost 5 pounds and my upper body strength has increased noticeably and i am more toned . the workout sessions are group style , with plyometrics , dumbbells , trx frames , etc . it 's pretty fun and there is a lot of camaraderie . it 's a lot like crossfit in that way , only there are no olympic style lifts , which can easily cause back neck problems if you do n't have proper technique ( most people do n't ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ti fitness is amazing ! it 's guaranteed you will get the best workout ! i used to dread working out but now i actually enjoy it and look forward to it thanks to ti fitness ! the trainers are awesome and personable and care about each client and their fitness goals .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want a trainer that takes into account your personal abilities , etc , and helps you strengthen areas that limit you , this is the place . terrance and his crew are nothing short of fantastic . i am a runner with arthritic knees-and my training takes into account the need to strengthen surrounding muscles to help mitigate running damage . dedication , humor , knowledge and results-oriented ... .. if that 's what you 're looking for , you 've found your place . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have degenerative disc disease and have had 2 spinal surgeries for ruptured discs . i have seen orthopedic surgeons , a neurosurgeon , and a neuro-chiropractor all the while seeing a pain management doctor . it was n't until i was visiting a friend in las vegas ( where i now live ) and found myself in excruciating pain . i found dr . vu on yelp and am so glad i did . i have referred him to several people in the area . he is the only one that has made a noticeable difference in relieving my pain . he is amazing and wo n't make you to commit to regular appointments like some chiropractors . he gets the job done and is by far the best chiropractor i have ever seen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr vu is the best ! he is super efficient and he knows exactly how to quickly remedy the aches and pain . i had a lower back injury which was slow to improve with other types of therapy . one visit with dr vu and within a week the issue was resolved . i highly commend you make an appointment so you can also start on your road to feeling better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this guy is a joke . a worthless pos who causes more damage to people . i never had a back problem in my life and my entire intake never once mentioned back problem but this poor excuse decided to adjust my back and caused you bulging discs . he 's worthless and should n't even be practicing . no matter what your intake says or what you go for he will always do a neck and back adjustment and bill insurance . you want more problems with your pain and body then see this worthless piece of garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "called in 3 weeks ago , the muscle to the right of my left shoulder blade was inflamed like 2 inches above my back . called dr vu and he scheduled me right away same day . showed up and he knew exactly what was wrong and explained what it was that was out of place that could cause the muscle to be inflamed . he realigned me within 5 minutes . i had full motion of my body immediately . within an hour the inflammation was gone . just finished my 2nd and last follow up appointment . highly recommended dr vu for any back injury or if you just need to get realigned !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first went to a chiropractor in 1959 . hard to find because they could not even have a sign on their building ! : ) from the many visits i have had over the years and around the country , dr . vu is the best . no long term , 20 visit , preventative programs . he usually just needs to see you twice and it is done ! got pain ? see dr . vu ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. nania is the best doctor at this office . she is amazing ! we have been coming to tlc pediatrics for over 10 years ! we have seen all the doctors at some point and i have never had the same level of care as when we see dr. nania . the nurses and staff are all great as well . tlc pediatrics deserves all their 5 starts for the staff , nurses and for dr. nania . however , without dr. nania this place will not be the same . dr. nania is a great asset for tlc pediatrics . we moved to ahwatukee 6 years ago just to be close to her . i would not recommend this office to anyone now that dr. nania is not here . again , dr. nania is the person , the doctor who made all the drive and all the wait worth it . i have 4 children , 3 of them with special needs . human doctors are everything to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 've take our daughter to dr. ramirez at tlc since we were released from the hospital . i 've seen all but one of the four doctors , and have been extremely pleased with all of them . they offer both a sick and well child waiting room . our daughter loves the themed rooms . with small children , you will have the inevitable emergencies that require a doctors visit . my child is two now , and we have never been unable to get an emergency sick appointment . our phone calls have always been promptly returned on the same day . anything they told us they were doing , was done as promised . i can not recommend them highly enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've actually left this office after i spent another 20 mins on the phone to cancel an appointment . another reason is that they do n't offer combination vaccines . it 's cheaper for pediatric offices to carry individual vaccines , but as far as i 'm concerned , if i can get the same vaccines in 2 shots somewhere else vs. 4 shots that tlc peds does , i 'm going else where . as i mentioned in my previous review they were also too loose with referrals ( in my opinion ) , i was interested in a different physician style .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is the best pediatricians office around ! my daughter sees dr miller and she is so sweet ! she has been very supportive in our delayed shot schedule that we wanted to do . i love that they have a sick lobby and a healthy lobby ! and they have same day appts for her when she is really sick . their after hours help like is awesome ! if the nurse ca n't help the dr on call will call you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would love to talk about the quality of the physicians or how much i like the office , however i found myself unable to make an appointment . while the receptionist was kind and thorough , the doctors in the practice will not accept new patients with an alternate vaccine schedule . keep in mind i 'm not making the choice to not vaccinate my children , only to vaccinate them on a different schedule . in my opinion , a quality pediatric office is open to various vaccination schedules , and should do their best to make parents feel comfortable with their decisions .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to take my daughter to tlc , but have stopped going for a couple of reasons . first , the wait time whether we were in the lobby or actual exam room was at least 45 minutes before we saw the doctor regardless of the time of day , season or day of the week . they would always apologize , but nothing was done . it felt like they crammed too many patients in . second , one of the nurses there was extremely rude . i was a first time mom and was working on breastfeeding . most breastfed babies it takes a few days to get going and at my most vulnerable state she snapped and said , `` we 're not going to starve your baby '' . every time we had her she was so cold and it was uncomfortable . i told dr. miller about the situation and apparently they have to talk to the nurse about that a few times a year . so that makes it okay ? ? dr. miller was always very nice and comforting , but the cons outweighed the pros .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have never been disappointed with any doctor in this practice and we have seen all of them . they are thorough , consistent , respectful of your wishes as a parent and have great bedside manner . they have on occasion , stayed late to see my children and even if we 're the last one in the office , they do n't short you a quality visit . i would recommend them to any parent who wants a really good group of pediatricians . as far as wait times , i personally have never waited more than 15 minutes past my appointment time but honestly when you have good doctors ( like those at tlc ) , they 're going to be busy . if the office was empty , i 'd be worried .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't go personally with my child to see dr. nania , my spouse did . i was told the dr. was `` blah '' . i know she is a general dr. and we just needed to be referred to a specialist but i expected more because i heard this was such a great practice . my child needed blood work done and she did n't even bother to tell us that my child needed to fast before going to the lab . i spent my day off juggling my errands around to be able to make an appointment at the lab and take my child out of school to get this done . i am not happy and will not be going back to this practice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "khristina ramirez is the best pediatrician we 've been to ! we moved down to ahwatukee in 2012 with our 6 year old . usually it takes several tries at any doctors office to find your `` home '' . i immediately knew i loved her ! she always takes the time to answer questions and she 's always very pleasant . we recently had her second child and he had some food allergies and she 's been so helpful with giving me steps to you . i would definitely recommend her to anybody ! i read some other reviews so i thought i 'd comment . yes , there can be a longer wait time , that 's the downside but she 's worth it because she takes her time with each patient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just moved here from nashville and saw this office close to my house . my sons first appointment seemed to go okay . did n't spend a lot of time with us . we had to bring our son back a few times and the wait time was ridiculous ! by the 3 visit i could n't do it anymore . i waited over an hour outside with no communication from front office . we will be switching doctors .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do love this doctors office but the wait time is dreadful . i would recommend dr. miller to any one with children .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tlc pediatrics is more than i could have ever asked for from a doctors office-they have always been super accomadating , i have called on many occasions last minute , once even from their parking lot and every time they were happy to work my son in-and in a timely manner . we have been taking my 2 1 2 yr old son there since he was a week old and have seen dr nania mostly and dr ramierez a few times who are both fabulous . just ca n't say enough good about this professional practice !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my son has been going here for several years . always had a positive experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. ramirez is the best ! she treats my son like vip and he absolutely adores her . i am a neurotic parent and she always takes the time to listen and answer all of my questions . the nurses have also been very friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the longest wait i have ever waited was 10-15 min for my child 's name to be called . love dr. nania . never feel rushed , and she is answers all your questions . been taking my child here since she was born . i vow to keep coming here for my daughter 's check up even it 's bit of a drive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrew klein is our financial advisor at edward jones , and we are very happy with his services . my wife and i did plenty of research , and asked for several word-of-mouth testimonials from our friends and family , and no one came as highly recommended as andrew did . he is friendly , helpful , thorough , and trustworthy , even in these challenging economic times . when we first called andrew on a tuesday to schedule an appointment to meet with him , he offered to meet with us as early as the following day . on the day of our meeting , he was available right at the time we scheduled , and spent a great deal of time with us , asking questions , learning about our investment goals , and giving us great advice . i look forward to working with andrew more , and reaching our goals with edward jones .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andy klein is one of the most trustworthy individuals i know . he has been my financial adviser for almost 10 years . he helped navigate me and my finances through the worst us economy since the great depression , and now my funds are stronger than ever . he prides himself on providing excellent customer service . he will call you every month , regardless of how much money you have with him , to give you updates on your finances . he will also recommend any changes that he thinks will be a better fit for you as well . he really listens to your needs , goals , and abilities to set a savings plan that fits you and your budget . andy and his team at edward jones are among the best in the field . they ca n't control what the market does on any given day , but they set you up for success no matter what it does .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had andy klein as my advisor for about 4 years now and been at ease the whole time . mr. klein always calls me when he thinks my investments should be placed in a better situation . its nice to know that he is watching out for me and calls me personally . he is definitely # 1 in my book . thank you andy klein ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andy klein is a born saver and is my kind of adviser ! he and edward jones are conservative and steady . the fastest way to grow your money is to keep from losing you money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to fletcher 's for 5 years and truly have enjoyed their service . today was not so much the case after coming in to get my oil changed . getting in my car to leave i realize my brand new pair of ray ban sunglasses were missing from their case . i vividly remember leaving them in the car and have never felt that my personal belongings were not safe inside the vehicle while getting my car serviced at fletcher 's . i came back in and brought this up to the manger who then tells me that an ex-employee that is not allowed on the premises was in the garage while my car was being serviced and he might have taken them . after 30 minutes of threatening to call the police , another manager comes out with my sunglasses and asks if they belong to me . i am really disappointed with the lack of supervision that goes on in this garage . no longer will fletcher 's have me as a customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fletcher 's tire & auto service uses group on to pull people into their shops . today i had two services scheduled via group on . upon arrival i was told that only one service per visit . so i chose the transmission service , to which pat said i owed an another $ 11 dollars on top of my group on . i was told service would take 45 - 60 minutes . i received a phone call stating that due to my car having a crossbar under the engine , they would not be able to remove the gasket or filter , that would be another $ 140 . on top of the $ 50 paid for dumping the fluid and replacing the fluid only . i would highly recommend not wasting your time as i did today . btw , this is the same shop that blew up my daughters car .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought one of those '20 oil changes for $ x ' cards . the first time i tried to use it i dropped off my car in the morning . got a call from them in the afternoon telling me how i needed tons of additional work , new tires , etc . said they got me a 'sweet ' price of just over $ 700 . right . also really pushed their variety of flushes . i 'll let you make your own conclusions on that . i 'll use the rest of my 'free ' oil changes but that 's it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went in for an oil change , and a week and a half later my engine oil light came on . come to find out whoever serviced my car forgot to screw the engine oil cap back on . there was no cap and the oil leaked everywhere . called immediately since driving the car in this condition is very unsafe . was told to come back the next day and drop it off all day and they would get to it . i 'm sorry i understand you 're busy but due to your negligence i drove my car which was unsafe to do and the engine could of been badly damaged and , you 're telling me to come back tomorrow and drop it off ? ! ? i do n't think so , this should have been a priority . my advice , go somewhere where they actually take the time and do a good job . honestly i was only going to this place because of the groupons . save yourself the time and trouble and possibly your car go somewhere else ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad this company still lives up to the fabulous reputation my father use to talk about when i was younger . not only did they have the cheapest quote for a replacement tire , but they also informed me that i did n't need it , i could plug up the puncture that was in the tire . even though they spent all that time laboring on my vehicle , they still did n't charge me . i could n't believe it ! ! ! no doubt i will continue to return . thanks guys cory .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a brake job . wheel bearing , brake drums and pads . jeff was very accommodating and pleasant . i got the groupon deal and used a coupon . half the price of brake masters . the corolla has a smooth ride-day one . they need front desk help ! ! ! i will return . good job , good service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cory and the rest of the team worked me in on a very busy friday afternoon . i was out within an hour and 1 2 which is amazing since there were a ton of people . there was a nice tv and plenty of magazines to keep customers occupied . they tell you everything like it is and do not try to upsell you on things you do not need . i also had a groupon which made the oil change very cost effective . these guys are the best- highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there and asked for a oil change , the guy at the counter was not at all helpful , except for setting an appointment 2 days later for a oil change ... ... . i politely said no thank you and i will not be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i used to get all of my oil changes here , but twice i paid for an oil change and they did not replace the oil . i caught it pretty early the first time . i added oil and figured it was a fluke . but it happened again in december and i did n't discover the error until last week . this could have cost me several thousand dollars . i took my car to another mechanic and they could n't find a leak , so it is most definitely fletcher 's fault . the people who work here seem very nice , but do n't take your car here- you wo n't get what you pay for !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found a groupon for an alignment , rotation & balance for my car . even without the groupon i would certainly return to this location . the gentlemen who worked on my car were great . i also received a warranty for their service . this location is very busy so it is best to make an appointment . since i had one , the work was done in a timely manner & i left a happy customer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever ! the two guys in the front office are like taling to a block wall . totally incompetent and do n't care for the customer at all . if is was n't for the computer , they would n't find there way out of a paper bag . just collecting a paycheck . i would never set foot in the place again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fletcher 's is meh quality service at decent prices . for a cheap quick service to your vehicle , it 's worth a trip in if you have a coupon . if not , go elsewhere . also beware of pushy sales tactics , this place survives off of unnecessary upsales .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "went there for a few different things . they missed the oil change but told me i could come in after they had already closed . completed everything at no additional charge . thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fletcher 's was amazing ! i do n't know much about cars but they were patient and explained to me the truth of when i needed to get my oil replaced and kindly answered questions i had about my tires . they offered a great deal and did all of this in an expedient and friendly manner . i would recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service at this location ! i have been to a couple other locations and this one is my fav ! carlos was so nice , helpful & honest ! he recognized that i had been having problems with repairs done at different places and got the job done right for me ! i will definitely not waste my time at other places anymore ! thank you again , carlos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super rude . took my mom 's car in and they stole her phone charger . also pushed a variety of flushes needed and never called us when the car was ready .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the shop was clean , efficient , friendly , and a million things to do on the corner of 44th & thomas while you wait . cory is the store manager & was great at explaining how my car checked out & what things i can look forward to for future inspection replacement . i checked out fletcher 's with a groupon but now that i know they do quality work , i will give my money directly to this shop in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wanted to thank the staff for working with me to fix my car . the employees went above and beyond to insure the problems were fixed . you have a customer for life . thank you , aaron lind", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought my car in for a tire change and the car died on the way to the shop . so i had it towed in . i got a call saying the car needed a new alternator and battery . so the alternator and tire would cost me over 300 $ . i towed it to the dealer i bought it from for a second opinion and walked out of there spending nothing ! ! nothing was wrong with my car , the battery was corroded ! either theyre that shitty at their job , or they really tried ripping me off . definitely never going back ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had been there a few times.. they started getting used to padding what needed to be done . i could tell they were adding a few items to get the bill up.. today ... they went over the top . just shy of $ 600 for spark plugs . i said no . so they charged me $ 100 to not fix it . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service ! ask for cory the store manager . he was very honest , timely and generous with his time and knowledge . he charged me the most reasonable price he could find for the part i needed even though he could have completely ripped me off ( seeing as how i dont know anything about cars ) . 5 stars all the way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in and out of this place only because they turned me away for being too booked . i made the drive here from west phoenix after i called and they told me to bring my car right in . the manager joe told me it was because 4 cars came since my phone call . not my problem ... this is poor customer service to turn me away with nothing . if i could rate negative stars i would .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "quick and reliable service ! much thanks to peter , gil , and the guys in the shop ! i 've lived in the area for 2 years now and have used them for my routine oil changes and a few other maintenance services on my little kia . i 'm moving to oregon this week , and i was able i call last week for them to squeeze me in and do one last service check-up . as always these guys are busy and the garage was full of their appointments . nonetheless they fit me in and made sure i was good to go . no matter how busy these guys always greet me with a smile , and take great care of me every time ! i can only hope i find this good of a shop in oregon . thanks again ! -jann", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i made the mistake of coming here for brakes and tires . brakes were done first with an appt 2 days later for tires . for 2 days i drove around with clanging and loud noise everytime i hit a bump . took back in for tire appt and had to ask them to tighten the brakes ! they left one not fully secure ! then had to come back for alignment that was not done with new tires ... back a second time for that as the car is still pulling . no test drive ? ca n't get the job done right the first time ... wo n't come back ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had all 4 brakes and oil change done here a few days ago and they did a great job for me , also my air filter was old and called me to let me know so i had them to replace it and it was cheaper than picking one up and installing myself . the manager pete was good at following up with me and letting me know the progress with my vehicle . i would recommend and go there again , just be prepared to leave for the day and you will have no worries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always come here for an oil change , the staff is very friendly and the waiting area is big with a tv . they even have wifi so i can bring my laptop and work while my car is getting serviced : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i looked at yelp before i chose a place to get new tires and i saw a couple positive reviews about an employee named cory at fletcher 's . i went in and cory and his team were beyond helpful . cory went out of his way to get me great tires at a great price . i would recommend fletcher 's to anyone needing car service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i will begin by saying i did not have high hopes because a previous experience at pv location left much to be desired , but i am happy to report this location is great ! i had a gash on my sidewall so needed a new tire ... i have only had the car 6 months , new tires , did not anticipate this ! fletcher 's had the best price , no one had it in stock ( high performance tire ) but they could get it the next day instead of a week ! the manager , cory hague checked me in when i got there , quoted me 30-40 minutes . after 40 minutes i went to check on it , he was out there doing it himself ! he did n't want to go over the time he quoted ! so , $ 180 later , i an say i will go back . thank you cory , it was a hot day ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved the place and the story behind it . the food was amazing , definitely worth a visit , especially of you love poutine . thank you yelp , the owners of vladimir poutine , benoit lecavalier , benjamin from 1642 , and especially mariko for organizing such fun event . will be coming back this summer with friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "name is deceiving . this is not just a poutine place even though the poutine is a kgb killer . all the elements were there . potatoes fried to perfection . umami in the sauce . high quality toppings like lobster . impressive selection of tartars , both fish and beef . augmented to the next level when paired with the private import wine that it was meant to be eaten with , chosen by a sommelier who will take you on a world tour of wines . not just your regular bordeaux but hidden gems from unconventional regions with a long history of wine production . the falafel burger was one of my favourites . very well spiced crunchy falafel in a pillowy soft brioche bun with a delicious sauce , lettuce and tomato . the foie gras mushroom beef burger was very good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a lovely event ! there were several samples to taste . the most tasty food for me is the duck roll with blueberry ! especially the blueberry jam ! so delicious ! ! it tasted so good ! so , i forgot to take photo ... the second one is the poutine with smoked beef and russian vinegar . yummyyy~ when i was wondering what was the meat inside , the owner came talk to me . she was very nice and hospitable . she explained ingredients in the poutine and presented the restaurant . it was such a good experience . thanks for organizing this event : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'll have to agree with the other yelpers- what a fun event ! we got to try the beef tartare with truffle oil , coconut edamame salmon tartare , foie gras mushroom pillowy burger , falafel burger and last but not least the poutines . the food was tasty , especially the juicy beef burger . another highlight of the evening was discovering funky wines with the sommelier . benoit gave us interesting insight on the private imports he manages for the restaurant and taught us a few things about pairings and flavour profiles . this place is awesome for an after-work drink or bday party , as it shares a building with le cinq so you do n't have to uber in the cold after dinner if you want to party . they also offer a complimentary meal at the restaurant and bottle of champagne at the club if you celebrate your birthday with over 10 friends . do n't be turned off by the name , you should try this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks mariko and yelp for organizing another fun filled evening and giving us the chance to try out this cool new restaurant . really like the location of this resto and supercool ambiance as well as the warm and super friendly service . i really enjoyed their poutines packed with wonderful flavors and their salmon and beef tartare appetizers . would definately recommend for 5 @ 7 !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 \u00e9toiles bon dieu ! comme le service ... je n'aurais jamais cru le dire un jour , mais merci vladimir ! nous avons vraiment \u00e9t\u00e9 accueillis comme de vrais tsars russes ! des cocktails aux vins en passant par les burgers au foie gras ou \u00e0 la poutine vladimir poutine \u00e0 la betterave ( vraiment int\u00e9ressant ! ) , tout a du go\u00fbt , de la fra\u00eecheur et on sent la passion qui est mise pour offrir des produits aux go\u00fbts uniques ! si on repassera chez tonton vladimir \u00e0 l'occasion ? j'ai envie de dire , pourquoi pas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "big thank you to mariko and the yelp team for organizing this event ! the food and cocktails were delicious and the location was very pretty . i know they said this was just a tasting event but i can safely say we left with a full stomach : ) everything they served was so tasty fresh from the lobster seafood poutine the poutine with beet topping to the burgers to the tartare , the duck & blueberry rolls and everything in between ! the cocktails were excellent as well very refreshing and flavourful without being too sweet ! the sommelier on site was also a nice touch and gave us the chance to try some different wines as well . the staff and owners were very friendly and the event was lots of fun ! it also makes me want to go back to vladimir poutine to try more of their dishes !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "j'ai adore cet evement ! dehors , avec un beau soleil , des cocktails et une degustation de vins , des bouchees aperitives , c'est le bonheur ! j'ai bien aime les tartares et les pokes . desolee , mais j'aime plus le poisson que la poutine ! le restaurant est spacieux et sobre ; les lumieres tamisees rouges ajoutent une atmosphere vraiment speciale ! je viendrais bien feter l'halloween ici avec des amis ! et les plats ont des noms vraiment droles de politiciens connus ! merci mariko de yelp , robert le photographe , les proprios et le personnel de vladimir poutine et les autres que j'oublie , malheureusement !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was very satisfied with our decision to go to airport nissan . we went in looking to trade my wife 's old 2008 rogue that we 've owned since it was new and were looking for something bigger . ended up , for our needs anyway , that the new rogue was much bigger than the old one ! i set the appointment up online with chris and he hooked me up with michael salas , who did an outstanding job helping us through the process . the entire staff even stayed until the job was done , and since i work until 6pm , we did n't get out of there until 10:45pm ! it worked out in an odd way that i ended up trading my newer 2013 mazda 3 in and drove home not only a new rogue , but a new altima , too ! the staff was pretty great and they handled everything very well , especially since the whole place was a mess from the construction . highly recommend airport nissan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "robert at airport nissan was awesome ! i told him exactly what i wanted and exactly what i wanted to pay a month and he provided me with exactly what i wanted ! they treated me with respect and answered all of my questions clearly and thoroughly . i will definitely go back for my next car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pict is one of the best theater companies in the pittsburgh area . the actors are so very talented , and the play selections are smart , thought provoking , and relatively inexpensive . do yourself a favor and check out a performance . you 'll definitely be back for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people often mistake pict for community theatre - this is n't so . pict , as the name implies performs pieces of irish and classical theatre seasonally at the theaters of the university of pittsburgh in the stephen foster memorial ( attached to the cathedral of learning ) . productions are top notch and often sell out so pittsburgh theatre lovers may find it worth it to buy a season pass .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very sad that pict will be leaving it 's oakland location . the university of pittsburgh is expanding their theater program and unfortunately taking back the building that 's theirs . however i have no doubt that pict will be able to thrive in whatever space they find for their new home . pict 's seasons are always filled with both much loved classics and underdone gems that few have heard of . even the shows that i do n't particularly like , i enjoy . pict rarely chooses to put on a show that fails to stimulate meaningful conversation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high production values , great plays , wonderful acting , pict offers a lot to theater fans in pittsburgh . they perform at the stephen foster memorial theater on the campus of the university of pittsburgh . the season series is a good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza is pretty good . they also have good sandwiches . delivery is always on time , if not early . it 's one of the better pizzas i 've had since moving to the area and hits the spot . i like ny style pizza , and this is pretty close . service is always good too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the pizza company came through ! we do n't often treat ourselves to any greasy-goodness and often try to stick to the healthy lire fair but when we do step out from under that veil , we want something really good . showed up nice and hot in just under 40 minutes and the delivery guy was nice and friendly . we would certainly recommend the pizza company and will probably be returning customers when we feel like treating ourselves again ... always so good !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really good pizza ! we usually stick with primanti 's pizza , but this is a good 2nd option . hoagie was n't great , but pizza is solid . get garlic and pepperoni toppings . sizes are small ( xl looks like a typical large ) , but really this place is pretty good . their wings are n't bad either .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg the food here is bomb delivery time is always normal , not fast but not a super long time either . highly recommend their wedgies & plain cheese pizza !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "im sooooooo mad ... ... i always eat here no where else and this person answer phone trying charge me $ 14.99 for a large without any courtesy at all not asking what i would like on it or would there be anything else sir ... ... ... ... ... . click ! i was like really ? been going there for years and always telling others try them ... oh well ! called back spoke manager said was driver answer phone ... now i am worried spit on my pizza.. omg ! should of keep my mouth shut !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best pizza , hoagies , wings and salads in the south hills area . i drive all the way down 51 and pass up 5 other pizza places when i 'm hungry for a good italian hoagie . the guys working are super nice . this pizza company is the best location out of all of them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for a few years . the pizza , hoagies , fries and especially the salads are fantastic . they have the best italian dressing i 've ever had ! the staff is always friendly . love this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is nothing special and a little overpriced . seafood does n't seem really fresh . i actually prefer the mexican markets taqueria next door , better food and prices . the only saving grace for this place is the drinks . they have some of the best preparadas in vegas . so go here for the drinks but there are many better food options in the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place recently changed owners and since it did its been a great place to hang out have drinks and the food is great ! live music on fri , sat and sunday ... a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'd been wanting to try this place for a while and i have to say while it was good , it wasnt ' what i had envisioned . first , i loved the music selection . all of vicente 's greatest hits . the sign near the ladies room said they have karaoke on sat . nights . i ordered menudo and i do n't th ink i 'd order it again . it had onion ? ? who puts onions in menudo ? my bf ordered chilaquiles and they were good . got ta say . he also ordered a gordita which fell into last place . the salsa was def . not my favorite . waay too much onion and salsa at room temp not the greatest . if it had been a tad bit colder it would have tasted better . i 'll definitely go back for a huarache or try their flautas , but definitely ask what has onions and what doesnt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great authentic mexican food , and the waitresses are sweet and willing to accommodate . i came hoping for pozole ; the waitress let me know it was n't available that day but gave me some great alternatives . food was great ; just like my mami used to make . try it . this place is truly a hidden treasure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to eat and have a couple of beers ! ! great service and great food ! ! must try their prepared beer . freshly made mexican waters are the best ! ! ! recently painted and clean ! ! ! highly recommend to everyone . waitresses are extremely nice and always making sure the customer is content .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was just alright . the customer service was good , and in their defense i placed my order 15 minutes before they closed and picked it up 15 minutes after they closed ( did n't realize they closed at 8:30 on sundays ) . wings were not bad , but not great either . fried zucchini ... just would n't bother . it was chewy and rubbery and soggy and some pieces were not battered and just looked wilted and sad . the garlic knots were tough in some parts . did n't have the pizza but got a couple of slices for the boyfriend and he said it was actually pretty good ... hence the 3 stars and not 2 . would i recommend it ? not really . will i give it another chance ... probably not .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "moved here from nj and finally found good pizza ! ! ! ! ! fast good service with excellent pizza ! ! ! found the place and have ordered here every week since ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst customer service never had the opportunity to try their food . placed order at 6:40 and server told us e times our order was coming up . at 7:20 i approached the counter and asked where was our pizza . the guy in the kitchen told me it 's coming up . i said we had been waiting 40 minutes he said she forgot to enter the order . he said it was coming up . i asked when and he actually blamed me for asking and for having a bad attitude . he said to wait or get my money back . i took my money and left . they never apologized or anything of the sort . the food looked ok but the service was the worst . never will i know if their food good or not . he blamed me for asking about my order . poor poor poor customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best pizza in the concord area so far . used to be lubrano 's and they are carrying on that same quality and goodness we got from them . my go to pizza place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if there was a magical sixth star button , it would be my pleasure to give it to anouk jewelry . i was in the market for two wedding rings , one for him and one for her , and fell in love with her nature-inspired , flawless-with-their-imperfections rings . each one was unique , and her sculpting technique wowed us both from the get go . so much so , that i decided that i wanted my beautiful art deco engagement ring , reset into one of her pieces . so off we went , ideas and rocks in hand and met anat at a coffee shop . she was passionate about what she did , and by the end we were dead set on her making our rings . less than one month later and my freshly set engagement ring is sitting on my hand and our beautiful wedding rings are staring at me next to my computer . if you 're in the market for some truly special fine jewelry , look no further !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiance and i had our rings made by anat at anouk jewellery . totally spectacular ! having custom work ( especially wedding rings ) made necessitates creating trust , connection , and a clear understanding . anat made sure we felt totally comfortable with her designs before going ahead on any part of the process . she really worked to know us as people , so she could translate that into her designs . the finished product is mind-blowing . so gorgeous - i 'm proud to wear a piece of art ( made by human hands , not a machine ) on my hand ! thanks anat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anouk 's jewelry is very elegant and individual . her works are unique and are not only exquisitely crafted , but also are great conversation pieces . amazing craftsmanship and are real treasures that can be passed on to the future generation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had high hopes for this place i wanted to order a naked burrito bowl according to their website when u order online it means no taco shell bowl . they tried to serve it to me with the bowl i told them i did n't want it . so what they did was just dump the salad into a takeout tray without the effort of remaking it . when i got it i did not think they put anything but salad in there . the taste did n't impress me either . for a 1st time customer i could not believe the lazy customer service they had . i will not come again . and that is saying a lot . i usually give a place 3 chances . one to think of it they did n't even provide cutlary for take out . .. disgusting service if i could vote zero i would", "score": "1"}
{"review": "would rate this restaurant 0 stars if i could ... service was very mediocre . almost seemed like the guys working there did n't want to be there ... food was also very bland . i 'm normally not picky when it comes to food , but it just seemed like everything we ordered did n't have enough spices or was n't really fresh . will not return ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice cozy place . the guys over the counter and kitchen are nice and friendly . the order is cooked fresh in front of your eyes . the food is good , and the price is reasonable , in sync with most of the other mexican food joints . if you want a good quick bite with fresh ingredients , but nothing fancy ... it 's a good place to head for .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is a gay establishment with full nudity and private room , mazes , shower , sauna , steam room , gym . it is filled with men of all ages , sizes , colours , and attitudes . lunch hours are great but generally you will connect with someone with similar attributes . they do offer specials during off hours , free wifi , computer terminals , mini-gym . great place to relax but people need to know this is not the place to socialize because it will ruin the atmosphere for others because the spa etiquette should be imposed on patrons . most people know what and why there are here for and you will get just that . it can be fun . now they have $ 1 mondays and $ 2 tuesdays with membership . you ca n't afford to stay home and this is more fun than las vegas 's wildest dream .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun place but you ca n't even get a cold drink there . they refuse to fix the vending machine .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went last saturday at noon . had a great time . guys need to understand steam room protocol : when someone lays on their back spread-eagled , it 's an open invitation to all . i accepted and had fun . i guess next time an invitation will be in order to those milling about nervously . also had a climactic experience in the back room on the soft black pad . safer than cl . read my previous review in 'currently not recommended ' below .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "... ..one word ... salt water pool ! ! ! and its outdoors ! this place is pretty legit , its cheap , casual , their gym is on point , and they also have an outdoor jizz-cuzzi . the hot sauna can be kinda nast sometimes though .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went for one hour and they lost my drivers license . they laughed about it and did not offer any assistance - like a refund . i will never go back there and i am disputing the full charges with my bank and contacted an attorney about id theft .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wells fargo tries harder . sort of like those rental car commercials years ago . there is so much banter from every one in the bank , asking `` how are you doing ? `` , `` what are you doing this weekend '' , blah , blah blah . overkill in my opinion . unlike my local bank in illinois where everybody really cared who you were and called you by name . so i guess what i 'm saying is that the big money center bank should just stop pretending about being my buddy and just get on with the transaction . it 's only business , trust me . i guess my bullshit meter finally could n't take it anymore today . sort of like when you deposit over $ 10,000 in cash at the teller window and they ask for your driver 's license and start inputting information but do n't explain why they need to do that and act all serious about it . hey , i thought we were friends . so not my favorite bank , but convenience seems to rule the day .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i am trying to leave this bank due to personal issues with the way my mortgage and reconstruction from flooding was handled . worst customer service for home finances and do n't expect any help in getting resolution for financial questions in this department . not per say this branch but all the company as a whole . i do like the polite staff at this branch . planning to move funds soon .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "needed to wire some money fast . very helpful and accurate - just what i needed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was introduced to a personal banker named candice moore . she was extremely helpful and very pleasant to speak with . i will be coming back to this branch just to bank with candice . great experience overall", "score": "5"}
{"review": "helpful staff and they double check my information to make sure i was the customer withdrawing money from our account in person !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid location . most convenient for me so i 'm here often . always a smooth transaction . they have a drive through atm and one at the door . i 'll be back . ps : apparently they do n't like 3 wolf moon t-shirts . do n't care ? did n't think so .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "michael was extremely professional and helpful . very happy i chose to go to this branch . would definitely recommend if you 're planning on opening a new account or credit card .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first and only experience visit here was unpleasant . the man , a chubby fellow , was unfriendly , cold , and did n't bother to say thank you for anything , even when i left . rude . how is this allowed in a customer service industry ? well maybe not surprising since their employees were , according to news reports , caught red handed creating unauthorized accounts for customers without their knowledge .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here to deposit my check every once in a while and the staff are always friendly and helpful . it sometimes gets busy and the line gets backed up . i see other staff just laying about . not sure why they do n't help out if they can . even just for a minute so the bank tellers do n't have to stress and the long line . regardless great wells fargo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst company ever to deal with . i never go through the trouble to write negative reviews but i made it a point to this time . they send out used items that are claimed as new and in top of that , they are defective and do n't work ! i called some guys named clad and he was the rudest person to speak with , he actually hung up on me when i asked why i got a used item that does n't even work ! then to get a replacement they made me may for a new board and 30 $ in shipping . when i sent them the board back they refused to give me a refund ! ! ! ! it 's nuts how these guys are even in business still . just type their name in a search engine and see all the negative comments .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great company to work with ! ordered a replacement motherboard for a laptop and it arrived quickly . saved my hide . thanks , guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glad they opened up near the house . when i need my chicago `` fix '' i stop in here . great hot dogs , italian beef and sausage .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the beef sausage with hot peppers with small fries which cost about $ 9 . although the portion size was big , i hated how soggy the kaiser roll was . also , i noticed the hot dog was burnt on both ends which killed hot dog for me . fries were fresh , but nothing special .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the italian beef sandwich with cheese , peppers , and onions and i really enjoyed it . i also ordered some fries . they serve crinkle cut fries and they were hot and totally crispy . they have all the items you would normally see on any other chicago hot dog style restaurants menu . everything i saw come out looked good . ill come back but i will say for my fries coke and a drink it cost $ 12 . i think its a little pricey for a sandwich fries and a drink but it was good . they have no combo so everything is sold separate . if the prices were a little lower i would have given 4 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the italian beef was yummy . i 'd have to say ask for it dry if you do n't like your bread soaked with au juice . also , the hot peppers were `` homemade '' and were n't all too tasty , maybe it was a bad batch but it tasted kind of like it had been sitting around too long , or spoiled . yuck threw them out . people were friendly , and i 've heard other good reviews of the hot dogs . so i would try other items next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after a friend of mine ( whom is from chicago ) , told me to go to this place , i knew they had to live up to a good `` chicago '' dog . it was perfect ! everyone who works there is just so sincere and gives great service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yuck ! go to the original location on 16th st. & indian school . soo much better !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "maybe i should have had a hot dog but i crave chicago 's italian beef , i did n't get it here just some greasy old beef of some kind , use beef broth if the meat gets dry , not a whole can of olive oil , yuk ! it did n't have that good italian beef flavor so i asked for giardinara to add some flavor , it was very oily too and i had to pay extra for any peppers either hot or mild . no stars for that beef , the only saving grace was it did n't make me too sick , i expected to be sick for days not just one day !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hmmm guess they transported all that grease from chi city as well . my bread turned into a liquid from all that grease", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we 're both from chicago and luke 's has become our regular saturday lunch stop while doing the grocery shopping . we were so happy to have luke 's come into the airpark as north scottsdale had nothing even close to chicago beef , sausage and dogs leaving a large midwest population out in the cold . it seems luke 's has changed that and to all appearances found themselves a solid customer base with what seems to be a good return customer volume . as far as the food , it 's great chicago food which brings us back about once a week . the beef combo is delicious and the fries are nice and crispy . it 's so nice to finally have a place that stays open past 6 where you can grab a sandwich on the way home from work . unfortunately i 'm used to joints using dirtier oil and thus greezier darker fries . lol it 's a chi ga go thing . keep up the good work josh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the store was a little hard to find . it is tucked away in a small strip center . the service was prompt . i ordered a polish sausage and an order of fries . probably one of the worst meals i have ever had . the sausage had been pre-cooked then reheated on a grill . the texture was very soft and not firm to the bite . the sausage had very little flavor . the fries were crinkle cut fries like i would buy in the grocery store . the only thing positive is that the bun for the sausage was fresh . i will not repeat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the combo sandwich is awesome..great bread . the hot giardinera pepper mix is great on everything . kinda pricey ( combo & small fry no drink = $ 10.76 ) but worth it to splurge once in a while .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "luke 's brings back all my memories of good italian beef sandwiches in chicago . i have visited all three of their locations and enjoy the food at each of them . it is a family run operation and they are all great people . a chicago delight for all of us transplants .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the italian beef was delicious ! i have n't tried anything else but the italian beef is better than most that i 've had . the bread was tasty and the au jus definitely made it better . it is a little pricey but i 'd eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food trip back to chicago ! prices a bit higher than chi-town though . and please get to work on the housekeeping in the seating area -- a bit messy and not the most pleasant eating environment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best hot-dogs i 've found outside of chicago . their maxwell is especially well done . the service here is good , and they 've got an awesome ( home-made ) meatball sandwich that kicks the % $ % out of anything you 'll find at one of the bigger chain sandwich shops such as subway . italian beef is decent , more like so-so but the hot dogs and fries are worth the trip alone . good prices , especially for scottsdale and food that fills you up and tastes much like chicago .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little pricey , but if you love yourself a good chicago-style italian beef , hot dog or polish , then luke 's is the place for you ! i loved luke 's growing up in chicago , and i love that there 's something very similar in the valley . the hotdogs come on a poppy seed bun . `` everything '' includes mustard , tomato , peppers , neon green relish , pickle , and celery salt . no ketchup . just like a tried and true chicago hot dog joint . the italian beef is awesome . make sure to include the peppers if you want it done right . on the randomness factor . they serve rc cola . i think luke 's is the only place in the world , let alone arizona , that still carries rc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am no expert in italian beefs but i thought this place was pretty mediocre . i know theres 's 3 major componets to the italian beef . the bread , beef and giardiniera . i ordered an italian beef with sweet peppers , which i think was the giardiniera but not sure ? the bread was alright had a good crunch to it , the beef was moist but pretty bland and the giardiniera was week with little or no flavor . i thought giardiniera was supposed to be spicy with a vinegery bite and was really looking foward to that on the italian beef . on another note i had a bite of my girlfriends chicago dog and thought that was pretty amazing ! the hot dog itself was great , natural cased with great flavor . overall i thought lukes was pretty good but i would recommend not getting the italian beef . just stick with the chicago dog .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great cheap beer selection and becs ! this place has everything to offer from bacon egg and cheese sandwiches ( late night ) to beer ! free popcorn . friendly staff . boars head meats . the staff get to know people personally and try to make your experience as quick and easy as possible ! a similar place to wawa ! definitely going back . creativity : 10 10 atmosphere : frat price : $ quality : for what it is 8 10", "score": "5"}
{"review": "buried in a nondescript little basement in a back alley , frequented only by the frat boys and sorority girls who know of its existence . tags ' gooey breakfast sandwiches , juicy subs , salty ( and free ! ) popcorn , and oversized cans of monster were the only thing that kept me going when i used to live on langdon street . and honestly their subs kick the crap out of pinkus mcbride 's subs . despite the fact that the two delis use the same ingredients , tags just knows how to make theirs so much more savory ( edit : it might be the bread . or the better cheaper ingredient selection . but yeah it 's probably mainly the bread ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "mactaggarts is the best . enough said . the prices are a little steep , but that 's understandable based on where they 're located . they have pretty much everything you could ask out of a neighborhood market : cool tunes , great employees , and boar 's head everything . they have an underrated selection of different micro-brews as well , which is ( imho ) a huge plus . only thing you need to look out for is their half step coming up and down the stairs ( if and when you 're there , you 'll know exactly what i 'm talking about ) . stay cool `` tags ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh , tags . i lived around the block , and hot damn , i wasted so much money here on god knows what . probably just candy , chips , pop and gatorade . but so did all the other frat guys and sorority girls , so i feel okay . corned beef sandwiches , mmmm . best place on upper langdon ... well ... only restaurant on upper langdon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these guys are cool . if you do n't frequently shop at mactaggarts , you are walking too far , you dont live in the 'hood , you keep it extra kosher , or else maybe you didnt know about the coolest place to find practically everything you need in a convenience store ... you can even score food for your neurotic feline friends , and stuff to tidy up the ol ' litter box .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good juicy sandwiches , but the bread is a bit too soft ( i like mine more dense ) . they have a good deli and beer selection , and a fairly good amount of junk food goodies as well . my best description of the place is that it 's a slightly higher class 7-11 , but without the slurpees and the hot dogs , which is pretty disappointing . the cashiers and deli people there are quite nice though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place ! they are at a great location and are open for most of the day . they sell a wide variety of basic `` grocery food '' along with making their own food . they sandwiches are amazing ! plus many of their items are from other wisconsin business . i would highly recommend going here to get great food or just to stock up on some food items ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i forgot about this place until i saw it on yelp ! great place to blow your money when you 've had a little too much to drink , or so i 've heard . lots of good junk food . staff was always nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "what i want to know is who the hell puts sweet relish on a burger ? especially a burger that already has dill pickles.. i mean i love pickles as much as the next asshole , but i fn hate sweet relish , so it pretty much ruined the whole thing . aside from that , my curly fries were perfect , and they have cherry coke.. so here , have 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the two stars is for service alone . the employees that work here are very pleasant and helpful . the food is ... in a word ... disgusting . i had n't eaten at fatburger since the nineties , and now i remember why . the burgers are grossly under-seasoned and do not taste good . in fact , i think fatburger makes the worst burger i have ever had in my life . the fries were fine - nothing special . i ended up leaving my burger after just two bites . i hate wasting food , but i could not stomach it . do yourself a favor and walk a block or so over to five guys .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "their turkey burger is one of the better ones i 've had . the bun was nicely toasted and was a great alternative to a beef burger .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was ok , the meat lack some salt or some magic spice ( like other places ) . the place looks kinda crappy but attention is ok . still i think i 'll stick to my carl 's ... more juicy and tasty", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was an ok burger . this was my first time there and it was just that . i find that the only thing that separates these burger places are just how they build their burgers . i personally like 5 guys better . i was n't too impressed with the fries . it was a decent burger .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good news ! fatburger has veggie burgers now ! who knew ? ? my boyfriend kept asking if they did , and i always told him no . then today we went in just to check and much to my surprise , they do ! woo hoo ! they 're $ 4.29 and it 's a boca burger , but it 's just fun to actually have that option when you want fast food . most fast food places do n't offer veggie burgers unfortunately . the veggie burger was really good and the best part is you get to choose if you want skinny fries , steak fries , curly fries or onion rings with it . yum . not the healthiest meal you could have , but it was damn good . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fat burger is one of those places i always go to when i 'm in town . they have awesome burgers and fries that are made right in front of you , subway-style . prices are about right for a whole meal , and since they 're located near asu , there 's plenty ofcollege flavor to go around here . their menu is basic , but i would say that fat burger is comparable to seattle 's dick 's . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "compared to other fatburgers i 've been to , this one is lackluster . despite being a chain , the burgers here are not as tasty for some reason , maybe due to cooking technique ? the shakes are more watery than thick , and employees are generally disinterested and indifferent .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a fan of this location , i do think it 's great they have boca burgers though . i generally thing fatburgers are great , and employees are nice but this one the employees are always so unpleasant . and the food is simply not as good as the other locations . this one is simply a disappointment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love fatburger ... i prefer it over in-n-out because the fries are spectacular and the burgers actually have meat in them . now , i might be starting a war on this subject but if white castle was in az , i would take that over both . fat burgers are good , juicy , and quick ... .and steak fries i love steak fries . also , i agree with stephanie l ... if you do n't like drunk college kids ... then choose another location . i like the bacchanus atmosphere myself .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after several fatburgers i feel it is still to come clean and admit i have become a really big fan . i have never had a bad burger . this is my favorite and only place that i do eat a burger at . i was a hater at first yes . but fatburger worked its way into my heart and i admit they know how to make a delicious f-ing burger here ! ! consistency in their food is solid here , and nothing better than being able to count on a place where you will always get a good meal ... over and over again . kudos fatburger", "score": "5"}
{"review": "its a fun gimmick but , why would i go back here ? its not like there 's a paucity of good burger places around . i realized i could stop when i saw that they just had the same place everywhere , and i mean everywhere . its kind of depressing , especially after you get all clogged with fatburger . seriously , give it up . this place is n't that good , just familiar if you are from the west .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i chill at white castle 'cause it 's the best but i 'm fly at fat burger when i 'm way out west ! so the lyrics led me to this place but i must say it did n't live up to the hype . the burger was n't terrible , but i 've had better . what-a-burger beats the hell out of it . the burger patty reminds me of the patty at freddy 's frozen custard , culver 's , and steak and shake . i had mine built with the default config which includes sweet relish . i knew that going into it and thought i would try it . it was a mistake - just plain weird . hold the relish next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "located in tempe on mill ave next to asu , i would never have found this location . however , a groupon brought me here . since i love fatburger , i could n't resist . i ordered a dbacks double cheeseburger combo meal which included skinny fries and a med drink for $ 10.29 . http : www.yelp.com biz_photos fatburger-tempe-2 ? select=vl82qa-axqzv-vrpl31tlw # vl82qa-axqzv-vrpl31tlw http : www.yelp.com biz_photos fatburger-tempe-2 ? select=vsrn9_ir5qpyjtc02et9sq # vsrn9_ir5qpyjtc02et9sq if you 've never been to a fatburger before , it takes a while for them to prepare the burger because they make it fresh . the food is awesome . the burger is huge and juicy ... .full of flavor . i left stuffed and satisfied . return factor - 70 %", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had no choice but to eat here ... we were meeting friends . i will never eat here willingly again . i paid $ 12 for a double burger ( no extras ) , a drink , and fries . ... what a freakn ' rip off . the burger was ok . it was juicy and had some flavor it was only because they use very fatty meat and salt the hell out of it ... yes , i can tell , i 'm a very good cook . hey burgers are cooked well done - no surprise here for a low-quality burger joint . i got the thick cut fries , thinking they 'd be good ... wrong . welcome to fatburger where we serve fries that are exactly like you can get at the grocery store freezer section . they sucked - period . one word sums this place up ... avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went in here tonight . we were n't really hungry so we were gunna split a burger . we ordered the baby burger and it was incredibly small . we had to go buy another . its overpriced in my opinion . the fries were alright . i like crispy fries so i was disappointed . the burgers were good but they better have been for what we paid for them . my wallet is still angry with me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . i 've never been to such a slow fatburger . i ordered a burger and fries - no one in line , and 1 burger in process ahead of me , and it took more than 30 minutes . i do n't think the cook was aware you can start another order while one was on the grill . the quality was standard fatburger - it 's a chain . do n't come unless you have lots of time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fat burger has been my favorite hamburger place since i first was introduced to it in high school . my school was only a few minutes away , and when we could , my friends and i would sneak over to fat burger for a delicious escape . now that i 'm at asu , it 's closer than ever ! better than in n ' out , better than sonic , fat burger is your ticket to hamburger heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far as burgers go , this is my absolute favorite place to go . i love the fact that the burgers are made fresh and ginormous ! then order the fat fries ( or you can choose shoestring or curly ) and you are eating in true american fashion . do n't worry if you do n't eat beef they do offer a turkey burger that will keep you coming back . the shakes are an amazing must have and not to mention beer as well . you will leave this placed stuffed for about $ 11 per person that 's including drink , so if you want to go cheap , tasty and all american , go to fat burger their amazing", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly , good service . the food was excellent and will be going back . great selection of burgers and made the way you want it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love fatburger ! could it be because this is where i had my first date with my husband ? or is just because the burger are ginormous and always so yummy ? i will go with -- -- both . i tried the chili for the first time this last visit and it was awesome . i like it on my fries -- i added it myself , i did n't order chili cheese fries . my husband ordered the diamondback double burger ( or something like that ) this thing was huge ! but we were both satisfied customers who left with full bellies and a desire to come back . side note : it smells like onions inside and sometimes the smell is so strong it literally makes your eyes water .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very meh . did n't really care for the atmosphere . very forgettable and bland . you 'd be better off trying somewhere else for dinner and saving time , money , and your stomach . not . worth . it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "chicken sandwich and crispy thin fries were good . also tried the oreo shake which was thick and creamy and jam packed with oreos ! a good spot for a burger and fries , but not the best i ever had .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the concept ... quality burgers with several ingredient options . good decore , friendly staff , cooking seemed to go well , but ingredients seemed a bit stale .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i felt sorry for my heart as i was eating this ball of grease , but fast food is fast food and sometimes you just want a disgusting burger because you 're too lazy to make something good at home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very amazing service and excellent customer service ! ! i got along with all the workers right off the bat ! will come back here over any other place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a solid place to get a freshly prepared burger . i like their onion rings also .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "compared to other burgers this place falls way short , sadly i was disappointed ! it 's just a greasy pile of mess . if you want a burger that has great flavor and the toppings feel fresh then try on the other choices on mill . the fries had very little seasoning and were just not appetizing compared to other joints . honestly i wanted to give the place 1 star but felt that was too low and i like to reserve those for places with really bad food and really bad service . the service was good here they greeted you as you walked in and left .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "why do n't you try fat burger from now on ? you can get can get a cheese and fries for 2.95 ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ok i used to love fat burger , but this location is horrible ... my bf was looking thru his burger and found a roach leg in it ... i argued that it was n't a roach leg , but then i looked it up on my phone it definitely was a roach leg.. so he complaint to the cook an he said it was relish 1st of all relish is green the leg was redish brown ... anyways this place looks filthy ... yuck", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love adding the bacon and fried egg , i guess it also makes for great hangover food . dumb how we came one day and they ran out of burgers ! -_- . i wonder how the xxxl burger would be =d .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only ever go here when my boyfriend is craving a greasy , tasteless fatburger . i ca n't stand these things . like another poster said , they just make me hungry for in-n-out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do n't order the turkey burger ! ! ! ! mine was smaller than advertised , machine processed rather than hand for , med and tasteless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time eating here and the experience was alright . the employees were nice and prompt to take my order . i ordered it to go and was disappointed when i got back to work and noticed they had put everything on my chicken sandwich when i had asked for it plain . it was n't a big deal scrapping off the lettuce but it 's always annoying having to fix your food before you eat it . they had 50 's music playing and the decorations were in the same vein although it did n't really have the overall 50 's diner feel i think they were going for . all in all , i still enjoyed my food and will probably go back to this place in the future .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great casual burger joints with a little more class than a drive through . they customize your burger just the way you want in front of you and the huge fries are really yummy too . i do n't eat a lot of fast food , but i would trust fat burger more than most places for a great burger ! also try a great milkshake !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i find this place a little expensive . . i was n't really a big fan of this place . food to me was just ok , nothing special . there is 3 different burger sizes and i do n't think the medium burger size example was true in size . my burger was way bigger . i would get the small next time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a lot of these reviews made me laugh because i 'm not quite sure what people were expecting - it 's fast food , ( albeit pricy fast food ) lol ! i had a groupon so my friends and i went all out so that we could get a variety of things . i thought the staff here was really friendly , even bringing food to our table . the shakes are amazing and i love all the topping options ! the veggie burger is tasty and my friends devoured their beef burgers . although the curly fries are the most popular , we decided the skinny fries are the best . thumbs up !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great classic burger and an old time diner feel ! can be a bit inconsistent with over cooking the patties at times , but overall great job . love the unique chili and egg toppings and choice of skinny or fat fries .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "methinks not ... but the employees were awesome and they do serve $ 1 pbrs . mill is not known for having great food options and fatburger lives up to that reputation . the burger patty was very surprising thin . this chain must have gone down hill pretty fast after their rapid expansion . the prices are a little much for what you get . i would at least expect the bun and other ingredients to have been fresh , but i was disappointed . try eating elsewhere !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pfft . if i wanted to pay for overpriced burgers and fries , i 'd go gourmet . instead , i 'll drive down the street to in-n-out for something worthwhile . only drunk college students head here late at night .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we booked and all inclusive trip to mexico with stephanie at shadyside travel.. the resort she recommended was wonderful . she was even able to get us a room upgrade at no additional cost . it was the nicest vacation we 've ever had ! we are already looking forward to booking next trip with stephanie at shadyside travel . thankyou , margaret and art", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have now done two trips with shadyside and both could n't have been better . well actually the steelers could have won , that would have made them better , but not sure that is joe the owner 's issue ! i tried to book my last trip on my own and found that the package joe and team put together was better on price and more importantly on knowledge of the area , then i could have done on my own . i was somewhat critical of the hotel on the last trip ... but then realized the location was the crux of why you work with people like shadyside . we had a huge discount by booking with them and it was on the beach and met every criteria we needed for a successful trip . the owner was on the trip and i personally saw him rip a bus driver for being 10 minutes late . that is how serious they take their business . highly recommend ! going to try non-steeler trips with them next !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would not recommend using this agency . we used them to book a group flight . first issue was the accounting was incorrect on numerous occasions . we were told one thing then the amount changed . although we had documentation showing the amount we delivered to the agency . the biggest issue was on the day of travel our flight was cancelled and we received no notification . we arrived at the airport hours in advance because of this . the airline did leave a message at the agency however no one from the agency notified our group . upon finally reaching someone at the agency they initially denied receiving a call from the airline . the whole experience working with them was very unorganized and not the best .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for ! they are frustrating ! rude , unprofessional and very slow at responding . do not use them ! ! ! by far the worst company i 've ever had to deal with in my life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used madison flat fee homes to sell our home and paid for the additional contract negotiations service . i would not recommend this service . we questioned an additional fee that they charged us at closing since we felt it was not disclosed well enough up front on their website . we brought this to their attention and all they could do was point us to a secondary statement in their contract that lists the fee . fine , but we felt that they should have been more up front about the additional fee , but even on their website where the customer is led to believe they are paying a fixed amount for their service . so we filed a formal complaint about their advertising marketing practices . after receiving this complaint , they resorted to insulting us over email , referring to us as `` an aberration '' and `` d\u00e9class\u00e9 '' for having filed a formal complaint . we felt their response to our concerns complaints were unprofessional and lacked any sense of positive customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a wonderful local shop ! i used to live in phoenix and am back several times a year to visit family and always make a stop at southwest gardener . they have beautiful garden art , as well as a lovely selection of smaller items for home and outdoors ( great for gifts ) . their new location on camelback rd . is gorgeous , and close to the light rail and bike share stations . customer service is always great -- the owners and employees are super knowledgeable about all things gardening-related , and if they do n't carry a particular product they can always refer you to another business that does . two thumbs up for southwest gardener !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love to come to this cute shop right next to my favorite bookstore -- -changing hands ! they have great advice for raising plants in az , and also i can find unique gifts for friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place wish we had it in vegas ! something for everyone and the birds too . gifts for friends and fowl . can not wait to visit again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ca n't stop in to southwest gardener without discovering something completely new and loveeeeeeeeee their new location ! . what 's not to like ? there seems to be oodles more room for even more delightfully artistic goodies ... some for the garden and some for the home . our house has been touched by a number of handcrafted pieces we found at this unique and special store . then when we need the most perfect gift , one of the two women owners , amy or lynn , are always right there with the perfect suggestions and wrapping . finally ... when they have a sale ( we watch for them ) they have a great sale ! that 's when we really stock up on gift items . this is such a cool place that we make a point to take our out of town guests on a field trip to southwest gardener . now that they are in the newton with changing hands bookstore ( another fave of ours ) and southern rail ( absolutely yummy ) we could n't be happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a gorgeous and adorable store , the proprietress was friendly and attentive to my needs and many questions . i came for air plants of which she had a good supply at a very reasonable price , so much so that even tho i had only gone there for advice i went home with 3 fantastic specimens . i did notice a wide variety of organic seeds and heirloom plant seed for sale . once again at very fair prices . the store was light , airy and friendly to plants and people . this is a gardeners must see . peter", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was awful . we arrived and the place was dead except for a group of men sitting and talking in a booth . the lady who worked there sat us down and gave us their very small menu . she walked away and the group of men left . she returned and said that they were limited to only jerked chicken , oxtail , curry chicken and curry goat . my friend asked if they could make a burger and she said no . he then asked for a cheese quesadilla which she said she could do . the rest ordered jerk chicken , which was the reason why we wanted to eat there . shortly after , she returned and said she did n't have quesadillas either . when we arrived they still had almost 3 hours left of business hours and yet they were not serving out of almost everything on their menu ? quesadilla is literally two items : cheese and a tortilla and she could n't accommodate him . needless to say , we left .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what a great place ! the staff is very friendly . my family and i went and ordered the oxtails , jerk salamon , jerk burger , jerk chicken and rasta pasta . the food is tasty and authentic . i had never had jerk salamon until trying it here and now i order it every time . the rasta pasta is a nice treat . i love the peppers and sauce mixed in it . did i mention the portions ! ? this place serves great portions for the price . we will be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very flavorful jerk chicken , good amount of spice to it , but not so much that it 's inedible . plaintains were good too . the macaroni and cheese was so bland that even putting the jerk sauce on it did n't help , but there was a lot of it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i almost thought i was back in florida at my favorite jamaican restaurant . kool jerk is amazing ! the staff is very friendly ! they even brought my good out to my car since i went back to my car to check on my puppy . great customer service & even greater food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice service , great jerk chicken and curry chicken . very clean restaurant , and highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kool jerk is excellent . they 're coming up on their one-year anniversary ( at least according to my conversations with the staff ) and if you have n't tried it yet , you 're missing out . first , the food is outstanding . the rice and beans and steamed vegetables are on point , not just some visual dressing on your plate . and the chicken -- a little spicy but dead on . dead on ! i always order a quarter chicken and i always regret not getting the half because it 's so good i just want to gorge . oh -- and get the fried plantains . the service is also exceptional . everyone is friendly and approachable . the service time is quick and the food always comes out hot . i really ca n't say enough good things about kool jerk ! -- oh , and you can also order on the yelp eat24 app if you 're in a rush or want to enjoy their awesome jerk chicken at home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i attended the jerk chicken festival in tempe today . i decided to try kool jerk because the line to their booth was the longest . i am so glad i did ! by far the best jerk chicken i have had outside jamaica . the special sauce they serve on the side is amazing . if you are looking for a true taste of jamaica make sure you make a stop at kool jerk !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . do n't be deterred by the strip mall location . if you want delicious authentic jamaican food , you want kool jerk . i first tried their food at the az caribbean jerk festival , and thought it was yummy . so today , i ventured there for lunch ... even . better . the sauce that comes with the jerk chicken meal is the best jerk bbq sauce i have ever tasted . seriously . my husband is jamaican and we travel to jamaica a lot , so i like to think i have pretty high standards when it comes to the food . kool jerk is the only place in phoenix that has wowed me , and my husband says 100 % the same . their dining room is friendly and spacious , so just ignore the outside area and venture inside . kool jerk is one-thousand-percent worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came kool jerk a visit on a sunday afternoon ... they 're usually not open on sundays but the owner told me this was there first sunday opening . the service was great ! the food was good ... really good . the chicken was flavored so good but i must admit , it was a little dry . i think it was cooked the night before . the rice and beans were super hot and fresh , the chicken ... not so much . because i 've been craving good jamaican food for as long as i can remember i 'm willing to give the place another try and possibly update the review to a 5 star : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must say i looked up this place on yelp because i wanted to try some jamaican food you have to try this spot food was delicious service was great and make sure you tell paul i sent you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good jerk chicken . good portion.good service . price is good . paul is very nice", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greatness comes in the form of chicken thighs marinated in jerk spices..yum yum yum ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely one the best places for jamaican food in phoenix . i was starting to get disappointed but they definitely delivered exceptional , fresh , authentic food . and the owner and chef are awesome . i have had their jerk chicken . i am going back to try their jerk salmon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "three words , oh my god . absolutely amazing . the service is the best you can find , ca n't go wrong with mr. pablo . the food , oh the food , tastes amazing , looks amazing , well priced . what more could you ask for . i definitely recommend trying this place out and going back as i am for sure doing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're into vintage , 50s pin-up , rockabilly , etc. , this is a great store . even if you 're not particularly into all that , you still might find something cute here . it 's small , but has lots of clothing and other items . the staff is really helpful and friendly . the prices are n't bad . and if there 's something you want that they do n't have , just ask - they 'll get it and beat most any price . they also have a photo studio in the back for 50s pin-up shoots . so yeah , this is a cool , little shop to check out in the arts district .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stepped into rockin ' bettie when perusing downtown vegas ' offerings and i was pleasantly surprised to find a vintage-style clothing shop that had a wide variety of sizes . sis and i tried on cute dresses with polka dots , poodles , and naughty santas to my mimi 's and aunt 's oooohing and aaaaahing . we ended up not buying anything , even though i was eyeballing the wall of cardigans like they were going to disappear for a while . but the service and attention we received at rb was excellent ! i did n't feel pressured into buying something , and our clerk was so sweet and helpful . and when we ended up leaving empty-handed , she gave us cards so we could take a look-see online . if you 're in need of some rockabilly threads , be sure to stop by rockin ' bettie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the cutest store ! wish we had something like it in the bay now that the local tatyana is closed ! i 'd be in here every week if i lived close by . came in here last week for something to wear to s o 's conference night-thing . found a cute dress by hell bunny covered in roses . amy was super helpful in offering me a million options on other outfits to wear even if i ultimately went with the thing i picked . great service all around . excellent yelp deal on offer . and she included a string of beads i had my eye on since the store was closed when i originally arrived . if you 're in vegas for a conference and or appreciate retro pinup fashion , i 'd say this place is a definite must stop . liked it way better than the tatyana on the strip too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cute store . lot 's of cute dresses , petticoats and wide belts . there were scarves too , nice simple colors . i liked that . although there were prices on most everything , some of the things ... like the belts , scarves and cardigans ... did not have any pricing . all you have to do is ask though . i found a cute cardigan that i had to have . it was so cute , and not too bad at $ 25 . the petticoats on display are super cute , and very soft . they are a bit longer than would work for me ( i am 5'2 '' ) , as they look like they are meant to show at the bottom of your dress . i prefer the petticoat to remain hidden . ashley was the one to ring up my cardigan . she was super friendly right when we walked in the door . she put my purchase into a really cute bag as well . there is just something really fun about getting a cute bag to carry around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the longest time , our only selections for retro pin-up rockabilly \u00adpsychobilly clothing was the infamous bettie page store , located both in the caesars palace forum shops and the planet hollywood miracle mile shops . i mean yeah , there 's hot topic , which is everywhere , and the independently ran 'cash 4 chaos ' boutique located down the street from unlv . but even they do n't offer a full selection on 50s-style dresses and what-have-you . rockin ' bettie carries well-known brands such as hell bunny and accessories from leg avenue . i do n't know if they have a house brand as i was n't able to browse long enough to check . but since the storefront is so small , i doubt it . the prices are comparable to the bettie page boutiques and hot topic stores , ranging anywhere from the $ 40 to $ 100+ . it depends on the style and brand of the apparel , so yeah . their selections are really cute and definitely worth browsing through !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this store . i bought my outfit for viva from here and visited twice . both times the sales rep. was very nice and helpful . she offered to get items down i could not reach , offered help getting different sizes and helped with ideas . i noticed she said hi to everyone that walked in the door and offered assistance but was not on top of you pushing sales which is annoying . prices are fair for the quality and being new . i prefer actual vintage clothing but wanted something more specific for the event which they had exactly what i was looking for . since the store is super close to where i work i will definitely be back . i love the selection of scarves and accessories too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is a little slice of rockabilly heaven right in the middle of the desert ! rockin ' bettie 's has all sizes ! men 's clothes , kids clothes and of course dresses , pants , shirts , and bathing suits . lot 's of pursues , wallets and accessories . the owner is awesome and super knowledgeable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stop into this place whenever i am in vegas and have yet to be disappointed . the dresses in this store are cute and well priced and the sizing is super diverse . the owner , i feel so bad that i forgot her name , is the sweetest and most helpful person . she is a styling guru and knows what will fit your shape the best as well as makes awesome recommendations . definitely check this place out next time you are in the arts district !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always stop by here anytime i 'm in town . i 've been here twice and i also shopped at their booth at dapper day . what i like about rockin ' bettie is that they have affordable and adorable basics for pinup and midcentury style . while i do n't mind spending $ 100ish on a pinup style dress from leading brands , sometimes you need to stock up on blouses and accessories . most of my blouses are from here . i own a few skirts . if you 're in town , it 's about a $ 7ish lyft ride from the strip . however , it 's in the arts district of las vegas - a must see if you 're into pinup midcentury culture . it 's worth stopping by !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the clothing and i love the in store photographer they have ! she 's so talented and really aims to capture your personality in each photo ! love this place ! ! ! ! this is any pin ups go to spot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anyone who says this place is like bettie page and has a full size range is insane . they had one shirt that came up to a 2x . the girl working was only interested in the 12 year old shopping . totally unhelpful . i come out to vegas a lot and shop a lot . definitely making sure its done before i get out here ... absolutely do not recommend this place . just deal with the haste of the strip and go to bettie page . tatyana . whatever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this store ! bought my dress for my graduation . staff was amazing in helping me pick it out ! went back and bought my friends baby the sailor dress . again staff was super helpful in sizing , gift wrapping , and gift receipts ! love this place ca n't wait to go back for more ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've never been to the store but been following on fb ! all outfits are so cute ! love everything about it even when you do the photo hair makeup sessions !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really cute vintage rockabilly store . i got a really cute high-waisted two piece bathing suit for only $ 40 . i have looked everywhere for a decent quality bathing suit and this is by far the best for the price i have found . they also have cute dresses and skirts . i will definitely be back to explore more .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been going to this shop since they were in the meadows mall and i 'm so happy that they finally got there own place ! ! i love this store ! ! they always have an amazing selection of plus size rockabilly and pinup clothing and great accessories . the girls are always so sweet and i ca n't wait till they open their pinup photo shop , it 's going to be amazing ! ! you definitely need to check this place out you wo n't be sorry ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's a cute little store , great staff and an adorable photo studio in the back . i found a nice pair of jeans for a reasonable $ 35 , however i felt like everything else in the store was all much too cliche `` pin up '' outfits ( think a whole store of red bandanas and polka dots ) . i was hoping for a bit more diversity , but it 's all about personal preference after all . still a nice store to stop by , i 'll be back next year to see what catches my eye .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you love rockabilly and pinup clothing , but do n't want to break the bank , then this is a must-stop place while in vegas ! they carry brands like h & r london , lindy bop , and pinup couture . really reasonably priced and great selection for all sizes of women . they also carry some men 's clothing and tons of accessories . i was so glad to have found this place ! i added a couple new pieces to my collection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this store ! owner is such a sweet person ! invited us into her store while she was still putting it together . definatly will keep going back time and again . thank you for such a great store ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . pebbles the awesome young lady who works there is very helpful and has an amazing personality . she was very quick to help me and my friend look for outfits and try things on that would make us feel comfortable , i 'll definitely be coming back to this amazing store again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite store ! whenever i need a new outfit i come here . they have adorable casual cloths and perfect fancy cloths . everyone who works there is always so nice and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this shop . the best retro dress in vegas . the girls that work here are total dolls .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we absolutely love rockin ' bettie 's ! i find that retro look dresses flatter my figure more than modern styles . even better than that , these dresses are the only kind i can get my `` more punk than you '' teenager into without a fight . all of the staff are friendly and helpful and i can also get `` suavecito '' pomade there for my mr . the only downside to rockin bettie is what it does to my wallet . i want everything there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is so nice ! came here to buy my outfit for viva ! i forgot the girl who helped me name but she was amazing ! made me feel at home and gave me her honest opinions on how the outfits fit on me . plus made me feel even more comfortable when i found out it was going to be her first viva , it will be my first time going all out ! but yes , recommend coming here ! hope to be back soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little store friendly and knowledgeable staff great selection of clothing definitely a must for anyone looking for vintage clothes", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this store ! it 's a vintage pin up women 's clothing store . prices are a little high but the selection is wonderful and customer service has been great every time i 've visited . they have the cutest pin up style dresses and all the accessories to go with ! check it out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop looks like it 's under renovation but i 'm so glad they had labels that were n't the usual stuff from pug or tatyana ( much as i love them ) . it 's great to see what other brands are working on . i literally popped in out of curiosity on my way to get food and wound up leaving with a beautiful dress in white with black rose print . sizes run limited and the styles do run a little cliche pin-up as previous reviewers have said , but prices are reasonable and sometimes you find a diamond in the rough . there was a beautiful lilac petticoat i would have loved to walk out with in my size , but i 'm excited to see what they have the next time i stop by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! i had such great help . picking out a dress for a party ! ! great costumer service . i will be coming back again soon ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a cute store , such a wide variety of options ! ! i 'm in love it 's a must check out if your visiting vegas : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went in with the idea of just looking , i came out with a swimsuit , dress and a shirt for my husband ! ! ca n't hardly wait to get my next outfit here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dresses here are to die for ! super cute you will not be disappointed . i bought 4 dresses and everytime i wear one people compliment me . i feel like a bombshell wearing these . also the employees were super friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love love love ! i needed a dress for a special occasion and went here with my bestie to see what goodies i would find . the girl working was incredibly helpful and helped pick out a few that were the best candidates . she even brought back a petticoat to make sure i got the full effect of each dress . i only needed one dress , but when you put one on and ca n't stop fanning it out , or twirling , i guess buying two is completely acceptable . prices were comparable with what you 'll find online , except you do n't have to wait on these and you walk out knowing how great you 'll look later . oh , and that whole support local thing . : d fabulous products , fabulous customer service , great prices . will definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all expectations that i had before coming to this place was completely met ! first off , we came a little late and amy , without hesitation , kept the store open just for us . she helped us pick out a few really cute things and was super sweet . on top of that the prices were fantastic and they have events every month !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my family and i checked into this hotel 2 nights ago , we had a few issues , i went down and spoke with the manager dale and he was more than kind and helpful at fixing the issues at hand to make our stay wonderful . i would recommend this hotel to anyone who is a transition of moving . thank you so much for making my family feel welcome and addressing the issues fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff were helpful . there were people hanging around outside like if they were waiting for their drugs . it 's an ok place for a short time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a truly horrible place - the beds are so uncomfortable and flimsy , and the sofa is uncomfortable too . the bath tubs had rust around the drain . this is a dump ! my wife stayed there one night ( out of a planned 8 ) and had to get out - her back was hurting so bad from the bed , and the place is really just completely distressed and falling apart . spend the extra $ 10 a night and go next door to candlewood suites ! far far far better place !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i checked in to this place about as fast as i checked out . this place was disgusting ! first i walk into the heat being blasted . it 's phoenix and it was actually hotter inside than out in the sun . the area was terrifying . people were outside doing drugs like it was no big deal while the security guard sits in the lobby . this place needs to be condemned and left for the cockroaches that are infesting it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "room was nice . quiet . safe area . pet fee was high - $ 25 . we stayed on a thursday night for $ 89.99 plus the $ 25 pet fee . we were just stopping through phoenix and were glad we chose this over cheaper hotels near the airport because this area was great for visitors , not unsafe at all , although 7 miles off the highway . they put a $ 100 deposit on our card but it took 4-5 days for it to hit our account when they refunded it . if you do n't care about the kitchen stuff and have a pet you can likely find an equally as nice but cheaper room in the same area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i frequently stay at extended stay america hotels for work , and this location is by far the worse i have ever stayed at . the room smelled , the carpet and couch were stained , the cabinets where sticky and most were broken . i will never stay at this place or recommend this place to anyone . the staff was uninterested and appeared bored .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we checked in on 3 17 2016 . if it had not been for the fact that most of the motel hotels in the greater phoenix scottsdale tempe metropolitan area were completely booked for spring training and spring break , we would have immediately checked out ! this place was filthy ! ! the toilets were not cleaned , the walls floors and door handles were filthy , the carpets were filthy , the rooms had the overwhelming stench of cigarette smoke and the refrigerators were filthy ! they were always out of sheets and or towels . they make you pay up front for your entire stay because anybody that were subjected to these conditions would check out immediately ! this place needs to be closed down by the health department or code enforcement until the deplorable conditions that exist are corrected . many of the occupants are transient residents . i would not recommend staying at this place under any circumstances !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst ever plz for ur safety do not stay here ! ! i found cockroaches on the bed ! ! as soon as i walk in i get hit with an old stale stench of ciggarretts ... this place is so run down no different from a crack house ... motel 6 is better than this ! ! for an extended stay they have no utensils , or any kitchen items ( not that i would use them but figured u would like to know ) the place is lucky they have a good staff ! the front desk girls were very helpful", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this hotel is dirty ! our `` non-smoking '' room reeks of cigarette smoke . the linens are stained and worn . their are no hangars , no tissues , no `` kitchen supplies '' for the kitchen . darby at the reception desk is rude beyond belief .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not stay ! ! ! ! ! ! unless u dont care about ur non smoking room reeking like cigarettes . bathroom kitchen dirty as hell . light bulbs out . sheets with stains . dont even want to give this place a star", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kind of overpriced for the area and amenities-or lack thereof . stayed for a week . minimal towels for extended stay , smoke detector was missing ( leaving bare wires ) , no fire extinguishers outside , roaches , dingy room , marijuana seeds and stems in the nightstand drawer , and smells like an ashtray . nonrefundable fare if staying a week .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "let me let you people know about the ladies at extended stay metrocenter . these ladies helped me out so much by mrs. kim and her manager ( i apologize for not remembering ) working wonders for me and my son . we stayed one night and things were already going bad for the day for me but excited to get some rest . things happened and when we explained what happens they jumped into help mode and made sure that when it was all said and done we were happy . these ladies ca n't help that things are going to wrong and somethings they ca n't control but to have an answer and make it right is what great customer service and people are . i would tell anyone who needs to be taken care of and around this area please come here even with pricing it is definitely worth it . thanks mrs. kim", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never give 5 stars . this hotel i will give them 5 ! ! ! very clean very nice decorated . security . parking . welcoming . will be staying here everytime i visit phoenix", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hotel was a dump ! sent to a room that already had occupant or had n't been clean yet . desk said they accidentally gave the wrong room key . gave me a new one , stains all over the carpet . will never stay here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we really should be able to give no stars . do n't stay in this crap hole . worst extended stay america ever . the non smoking room stunk so bad . bugs everywhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stayed for 4 nights . on the second day i reported our bathtub is n't draining , this was n't fixed until the last night of our stay . rust in the bathroom and kitchen . room also had an odd smell . decent selection of channels and safe location . friendly staff and comfy beds .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they lie about their specials , they do n't book you for the time you have requested and paid for , then they try to refund you by sending a check in the mail a month later ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shitty ! shitty ! place ! ! do n't waste your money here . it is worse than motes 6. rooms smell and sheets are dirty and who knows maybe bugs . i wasted my money !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the owners are nice . i go here for all my mailing needs . they are fair priced .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love these small businesses . the personal service is so much better than the chain stores where they have folks working at barely more than minimum wage ( so they do n't care as much ) . jay is a very nice guy and is always willing to help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jay is always so friendly and helpful - even if it 's closer for me to go somewhere else , i 'll still go to mail call because of the great customer service and friendly atmosphere ! plus the helpful staff and short lines make it worthwhile . ( i 've been a customer for 4 years now & counting ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mail call is a small unobtrusive business specializing in shipping and mail boxes . i am lucky i found and used them ever since as they provide outstanding service and reasonable pricing . i have been using them since i discovered them several years ago , and i keep returning to them to ship fedex and purchase shipping supplies for my ebay work . they have gone out of the way to help me out when in a bind , and i am thankful for the personal and effective service . thank you jay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love mail call they are always so helpful ! : ) they have great customer service and friendly atmosphere.outstanding service and reasonable pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love these guys ! andrew and jay are awesome and super helpful . i always go here first before the post office or anywhere else . i ca n't say enough about these too and their great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i look forward to picking up my mail here ! yes i have my normal mail box at home but needed this place for safe packages and extra secure mail . jay is a wonderful person . he calls when i have a package delivered . i refer all friends and family here for anything they might need . you will not find a better place ! jay has been more than helpful helping me with huge boxes to my car - he goes the extra mile ! just come here ; you will see for yourself ! ca n't say enough great things ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate this place ! these people are so mean ! my machine was out of paper and they accused me of breaking it . i asked for something to be bound and the lady totally ignored me and told me to go to the back of the line because she had other people to talk to , mind you i lined up and made my way to the front before she sent me back . i asked for coloured paper she told me to go look for it myself , i went to go look for it myself and she yelled at me for making a mess ... which i didnt i was just picking colours ! horrible place , horrible people . if they were n't right by u of t they 'd be gone . god i hate this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible staff ! terrible customer service ! they give you wrong quotes to get you to store , then they jack up the price ! rude and very unprofessional . not recommended at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "absolutely terrible place ! go somewhere else . they quoted me a price over the phone but refused to honour it when i came in an hour later and started piling on extra fees and charges . as if that was n't bad enough , she gave me attitude when i wanted to print a few pages in my pdf on larger paper . when my test print did n't come out the way i intended it to , i said i would pay for it but i have to go home to fix the document and come back to print the rest of the pages properly . she yelled at me for wasting her time and said when i come back i better have only the other pages i need in one pdf so she could just click print and be done . this print job would 've cost me over $ 200 but i wo n't be coming back . i still ca n't believe how rude and shady this place is . how they 're still in business is beyond me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i used to love coming here and i would even recommend it to my friends because i was always charged a decent price . but when i went in today the owners were working and wanted me to pay exorbitant fees on the printing . very rude people . when i said id never paid that fwe before i was informed it was absolutely impossible . do n't care at all about their customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i echoe other yelp reviews . avoid this place like the plague . these people need to be taught a lesson , and the only way they will understand is if you stop giving them your business . i call on all u of t students to boycott this place . seriously there are so many other choices in the area why would you risk it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for what it is , it 's the top of the heap . dive bar with spectacular craft beer selection . several nights of free entertainment each week , including live bands and stand-up comedy shows , trivia , what else ? i guess that 's it , but those things are awesome . friendly staff , clean enough , and i wo n't pretend to not remember whether or not i already mentioned the spectacular beer selection , but seriously , it 's a really special , extensive menu for beer connoisseurs . one of the best ( in a small joint ) in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my name is amy and i 'm a comedian . ( `` hi , amy ! '' ) i perform here about once a month and it 's one of my favorite spots to make people laugh . this is a bar . behind an ice rink . the wall behind the bar is the plexiglass of the ice rink . one time , while i was on stage , a puck hit the glass . freaked me the you-know-what out . i thought i 'd been shot . but i had n't . lucky for you . i do n't drink , so i have no idea about specials , what 's on tap , blah blah blah . i can tell you this : the service is amazing ( and cute ! ) and the place is clean . i judge . i judge you on your bathroom . this bathroom is clean . the comedy show is every wednesday night . it 's free . if you 're lucky , you 'll see me there . making people laugh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic bar ! dive-ish bar , patio type area , wednesday is poetry night ... . weekends live music ... . poetry is n't really my scene and the live music is kind of loud ... .. but that 's what the patio is for ! great beer selection ! what i love about this place is the extensive beer selection ! ! dogfish head that i 've never heard of ! and you can drink your delicious beers ( or cocktails ) while watching live hockey games hockey practice . i 'm not big into ice skating but this is super fun . and it feels like a secret bar ... which i guess my review is n't going to help .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to work for the owner when he was gm of another bar so i 'm a little biased but i had a great time here and have been meaning to go back ever since . the draft beer selection is n't great but the prices more than make up for it . plus , hockey easily triumphs all other sports when it comes to being the most entertaining to watch while getting drunk , in my opinion . i mean , cmon , baseball ? if i wanted to watch a bunch of roided up dudes standing around doing nothing i would just drink in scottsdale . ice hockey [ sign for greater than that for some reason yelp does n't allow ] scottsdale . clearly", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my new favorite neighborhood bars ! we had a canada day shindig here and it 's a great little neighborhood bar with fair drink prices and super friendly bar staff . you 'd never know that there 's a bar inside when you get to the parking lot behind the ice rink - just look for the signs on the top of the building . they have lots of tvs for hockey fans and the bar looks right out onto the ice so you can watch people skate . they had a great jukebox and the rockband kit so you can rock out with all your newest bar friends . for food selection you have bbq , bbq , or bbq ... either beef , pork , or chicken , with a side for $ 6.50 . tasty stuff ! great beer selection including molson canadian or labatt blue .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cheap drink specials , except for the bad beer selection . good selection of sports on the tv above the huge windows facing the rink . bar tender remembered my name ( i 'm going to pretend it was n't my awful drink choice of the night that was memorable ) off my card after i closed out and went ice skating for almost 2 hours . minus one star for the annoying middle-age couples who got a little too into their darts game . here 's a few tips for people like me who are easily lost : there is a bathroom in here , near the fireplace . walk down behind the bar stools to get across the bar , thereby avoiding the darts games . park in the front , in front of the ice rink , and walk down the dark alley to access the place - apparently if you park behind the place , your car will be broken into . just another sign of a great dive bar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a low-key hideaway with friendly staff . i would not really call it a dive ; it 's more neighborhood bar . watching live music here is a really up close and personal experience . they support local live music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my last review i have become and even bigger fan of the ice house tavern . the current owners just celebrated their 4 year anniversary . they thanked their customers with free barbecue and bands . yummy ! i have frequented on their comedy nigh , wednesdays , and always have a laugh ! sean puts on a great show . i have also come to find some great local bands ; lost in the sun , father figures , what 's left , quarter inch crown , odds & sods , and many more . i have also become somewhat of a beer snob these days as well . their beer list is awesome . beers i have never heard of and love ; dog fish head , franziskaner , san tan brewery and more . if you are looking for something fun and new to do check out the ice house tavern . i hear they are also starting up a team trivia night on mondays . who wants to be on my team ? : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to locate bar : enter passed the movie theater near the walmart entrance ( there 's a traffic light for this turn ) , head directly back towards the ice rink and proceed to the left behind the rink building . find the poorly lit dumpster and you found the bar . best part : the back of the bar is a window into the ice rink , live local bands ( they do n't even let the bands play covers ) , great beer options , wood paneling , dive-y with a cozy feel . wish it was closer to my house because i would be here all the time if so !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a little hockey dive-bar located in the arcadia area . tv screens hang above the bar & as you look behind the bar you can see the hockey rink and players . enternaining as the other review said . i had dunkel hefeweisen and my girlfriend had a corona . good times as a group of kids played rock band and sang off-key nirvana covers . i like this little hidden place . just be prepared - it 's your average little bar for the average joe guy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ummm ... i do n't even know where to start ( or end ) ... i mean it 's a freakin ' bar , in an ice rink , in the middle of the desert . the bar is set so that the main focus is on the ice rink . but as of this writing they are starting to book some cool local bands ... it 's super cool ( both meanings ) and i 've yet to see a band here so i 'll reserve my definitive judgment until then ... but its certainly an original in the valley .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place takes hole in the wall to a whole new level . tucked in behind the petsmart . i am not a hockey nut by any stretch- but this is the ideal bar for anyone that is . the bar faces the glass behind the goalie- there are several flatscreens placed throughout the bar-all sporting a hockey game . lot of beer options , a whole lot . very cool place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dark . nice . good tunes . great bottled beer selection . cheap ! nice staff . i like this place so much i do n't even want you to find it ... and it 's not easy to find . dark .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place to watch hockey - both nhl and live . the bar is attached to the ice rink , so you enjoy a molson , watch the canucks lose the stanely cup ( sadface ) , and see and hear the smack of the puck against the bar 's glass window . the bar is homey , dark , free of typical after-work sportsbar crowd , and staff is very welcoming . they also have live music and standup comedy on certain nights of the week . a good place to relax with a beer and watch some sports !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was a little hard to find on the backside of the shopping center . this place makes me wish i was more of a hockey fan . we came here for the comedy show on a wednesday night . there was plenty of different types of beer to choose from . not really the place to go if you are a little jumpy or get startled easily because of the pucks hitting the plexi-glass . every time you just about forget about them playing hockey , wham ! ! you get reminded .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "fun dive bar with epic comedy show on wednesday nights . you get 2 shows in 1 hockey and comedians .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool place . have lived nearby for almost a year and assumed it was out of business because you can not see it from thomas road where the plaza sign for the bar is seen . just recently noticed the ice arena next to the walmart and while checking that out saw the sign reading `` bar '' . we went in a few nights later and were pleasantly surprised to find such a unique neighborhood bar so close to home . friendly staff and friendly crowd led us to have quite a nice time . you have to go check it out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grand canyon brewery.. need i say more ? ok i will ! supports local breweries i saw at least 5 different arizona breweries on the menu ! drink local ! comedy club is passable at best , shit seating and the host thought he was the main event , but the local talent was ok , i guess ? travis ? ! was the most memorable , lots of current politics events that were goin on . review is a bit old..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off i would have never found this if it was n't for yelp so thanks for that . it is not seen from the road and is located behind the arcadia ice rink . second , pretty bitchin place . all of the reviews are accurate about the plexi glass wall viewing of the rink . its interesting and i have never seen anything like it . third , they have live local bands on friday and saturday night for a low $ 4 . it is noisey so if your looking for a quiet time i do n't recommend it for you . last but not least , cheap drinks and nice tender ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a very special dive ! you literally enter the bar through the back alley of the arcadia ice arena ... which is not far from the back entry of the sketchy wal-mart . truly speaking , i was skeptical at first . there was a solo singer playing bluesy rock on his guitar and i 'm guessing 5 of his friends came to watch him . i thought it was a little ridiculous we had to pay a cover but i guess that 's what they promise him . the bar is where the fun is at : -beer : really impressive selection for being such a scuzzy place . the had the dogfish head 120 minute ipa ( which by the way will kick your ass in the mouth ) . of course , being a canadian hockey bar , they had molson on tap . -snacks : yes . slim jims and candy . -also , individual cigarettes for sale . i 'm not a smoker but i found this charming . definitely will be returning !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we are not from the phoenix area and were looking on yelp for someplace to watch the stanley cup playoffs . this place is a little hard to find but well worth the search . as we walked in we were greeted by the friendly bartender . the place is not much to look at but it is a whole lot of fun ! the beer selection is amazing . the bar is on the back side of the skating rink giving you a clear view into the rink . we sat and watched the playoff and during intermission we laughed at the people trying to ice skate . the food options are limited but the pecan smoked bbq chicken sandwich was very good . we will definitely be back '", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best overall bars in phoenix . free popcorn , free steel-tip darts , and one of the best beer selections i have seen . you can watch every nhl and nfl game here all while watching a live hockey game on the ice directly behind the bar . where else can you see that ? live local music on fridays and saturdays . support the local bands ! dogfish head and molson canadian , enough said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , tucked-away gem ! ! drinking and ice skating was a blast ! ! absolutely love it here ... friendly service at the bar , too : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! an awesome down-low beer drinkin ' watering hole that is cool as the ice rink itself . i needed a place to watch bruins canadiens game 7 and this place is right near work convenient location . not a bunch of rednecks or gang members , the clientele was upper 20 's to 40 's and 'normal ' . it has an unusual two-level layout , the lower area where i was you overlook the ice rink and pucks come flying into the boards once in awhile to wake you up . it was fun - and i was surprised to see such a huge and sophisticated beer list . but of course its hockey , beer loving canadians come here so maybe not so unusual . not a food place so eat dinner first , but to cool your heals in central phoenix its my new place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we travel and go to lots of rinks in us and canada . what a great experience we had . drinks were good , great prices . sean shawn was a blast and we are sad we do n't have anymore games there today . love this bar because sean was a great host !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service and unique location make this a great hockey dive bar . you can watch live hockey at the rink right in front of you and have the numerous tv 's playing other hockey or any sport really . funny locals that have been going there for years make it a place to call ur hockey dive bar home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sean is awesome ! made ice skating way better ... holy crap ice skating is hard ! but he made it fun welcoming and friendly ! thank god for sean !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a great way to ring in the new year ! our gang of 15 celebrated and rang in noon on jan. 1 with the host of the year , sean . thanks for making it fun and the great service in the hood . be sure to try the 'tammy sue ' shot", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome hole-in-the-wall . fun bartenders . great beer selection for a total dive . entrance looks shady but it 's the right one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this may be one of the best cheap bars in phoenix . the first time i went i fell in love ... and then i went back . the second time i went was on a steamy sunday with my best friend . what i did n't learn the first time i went is that they will let you you grill your own food ( outside ) , they have a smoking patio , and they frequently serve free food . really , what is better than a bar that has a decent beer selection , lets you watch live hockey , and lets you grill your own steak freeof charge ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the new owners of ice house tavern are no longer hosting live bands . this is such a disappointment to the local music scene !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not a bad dive bar . being able to see the ice surface is unique for this part of the world ( not back home ) but not being able to get to the area directly is a travesty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here several times after a hockey game . beer selection is great and the employees are all wonderful . prices are good . quality dive bar to chill and watch a game ( live or on tv ) . bad : i 've heard a few live bands here and they have all been terrible ! they play too loud for such a small venue , it distorts the sound quality . further , the bands talk like they are in high school and just learned a new cuss word . lyrics are juvenile , grow up . i got hit in the head by lunch meat that a singer ( if you can call him that ) threw . they could use some better ( and mature ) bands with people who know how to work a sound board . if there is a band = pass . no band = great place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "under new ownership ! ! ! ! the new people are great ! they are going to really improve the place . add food service and decrease the noise from bands . also , talk of an entrance from the arena instead of going outside ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where everyone knows your name . local bar was a great view of the ice rink . and pages of beers to pick from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite bar ever . cheap , quiet , good local live bands , a view of doofus ' falling on an ice rink , and a nice patio with token alley cat . fav-o-rite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic interesting place . views of the skate rink with a fantastic beer selection and great live music .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been searching for the right skin specialist since my move here a couple of years ago . i finally found linsey and had a facial from her the other day . i now will stay with her as i had the best facial since i moved here , and i have tried quite a few places . i love her products and her knowledge , as well as she is the nicest sweetest gal , who you can tell really cares about your skin . i went to the same gal in vancouver for 20 years , and i hope to have the same relationship here as well ! i highly recommend her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hadley is the best ! i have followed her from dolce ( 3 different locations ) dre 's and now pure skin . she is so knowledgeable about skin care and gives the best facials ! ! ! i adore hadley and am so grateful i found her . she has helped me with many issues with my skin as well as my 2 teenage daughters !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just got back from a skin treatment session with linsey . over the two plus years i 've been a client , my skin feels and appears dramatically better . so much more than a `` facial '' , she uses a selection of natural products and progressive techniques . i find her professional in every way , someone who prides herself on the long-term improvement of the client 's skin . i have been seen a great deal of positive change in my skin and feel completely confident in her suggestions . the location is quiet , first class and very private . so happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hadley is the best ! before i started going to hadley at pure skin , i would suffer from breakouts ... once i started seeing her for facials regularly and using the products she recommended , my skin has never looked better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hadley gave me the best facial and started my brows off on a great regrowth path ! i can not thank her enough . she is so knowledgable and understanding . i have insecurities because i have n't kept up with what i know i should for my skin and brows ; however , hadley made me feel extremely comfortable . not only was my experience great while i was in her studio , she also sent me off with a beauty regimen that i can actually manage ! i know that she is extremely busy , and it 's because she 's the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hadley is quite a gal . i love her genuineness . she is very professional & knowledgeable . i 'm a 60 yr old woman so i really appreciate that knowledge of her products to give me the best out comes . i would recommend hadley to anyone wanting to improve their over all skin issues . thanks hadley for always being so kind & patience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hadley is great ! i look forward to my appointments with her , and i always leave her appointments feeling refreshed , relaxed , and with beautiful skin ! the products she uses and has available for sale are the only products i can use on my face without breaking out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have had regular waxing appointments with hadley for a year . i have sensitive skin that stays red after hair removal and am highly sensitive to pain . hadley has incredible skill , because i come out of appointments with no redness and a minimum of pain . she gets me in and out in no time , and is a pleasure to work with . i recommend hadley to anyone looking for a pain-free , relaxing and efficient waxing service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely the best facials in phoenix ! hadley is extremely knowledgeable about skin . she makes my skin the best it can possibly be !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! hadley made me feel so comfortable during the facial . she was so thorough and knowledgeable . if you want a relaxing facial with big impact , then head here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for the crafty types obsessed with leather . they have a big selection of leather , cowhide and leather-makin ' hardware . i am not crafty , however , and was here for a different purpose -- to buy a cowhide rug . west elm sells them for around $ 500- $ 600 . other stores in town sell them for around $ 700 . here , they are $ 169 . badass ! ! and they 're good quality ! i 'm in love . i will also definitely be back to buy a moccasin making kit ( for my inner fourteen-year-old ) . oh , maybe i 'll also recover that chair seat ... oh , and ... kelly , the saleswoman , told me they 're moving to bigger store in a month . so , before you go , confirm the address .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm going to be honest , i 'm not a big fan of leather . i might have some shoes with leather on them , but i usually tend to use synthetic leather in my costumes . for fetish wear i prefer pvc . however , tandy has much more than leather for sale . are you a dungeons and dragons player who wants a dragon concho ? you 're set ! do you want to express your patriotism through star rivets and metal american flags ? bingo ! i usually come in here for d-rings , conchos and swivel snaps ( my significant other makes costumes , and i am a costume wearing nerd at conventions ) . the employees are all super friendly , and always greet me when i walk in . i have n't taken any of the workshops they offer , but they seem to have them quite often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tandy leather has all sorts of supplies and unique leather pieces for you to make your own bags , belts , anything leather . they also have iron stencils for burning into leather ! such a find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quality products with a huge product line . knowledgeable and helpful staff make shopping here so easy . big time store with a small town service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service , friendly and helpful ! they moved a year ago to pecos rd and patrick , btw .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are great . tandy has everything i need for all my leather projects . great selection of hardware and a variety of leather . friendly and knowledgable staff . thanks guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called this place at 10am in the morning to see about scheduling an estimate for some rain gutters for my home . they took my name and number and said someone would be calling me back within the hour to schedule an appointment . two days later and still no call back . very disappointing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had gutters installed 4 years ago and the paint has come off the gutters . we have called a number of times and no response from anyone . would not use them again for any products or installation , very poor customer service . mark b", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had an estimate for about 85 feet of rain gutters for my scottsdale home on 09 19 2014 and then agreed to have 5 '' gutters installed on the front and back of my house 10 3 2014 . my house has a typical sloped concrete tile roof . the salesman was very knowledgeable and easy to talk with . the installation was professionally completed and only took a few hours . the gutters look awesome and drain perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely horrible . first guy comes out and just flips a couple of switches , does n't bother looking at anything , and says it 's fine . ac breaks again after a few hours . takes another week for them to come out . second guy says the control panel is broken , and they would be sending out for it . several days later we get the call that they are giving up . just go out of business since you obviously should not be in this business . and keep your rude receptionist , she will definitely drive your business into bankruptcy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just had these guys out to inspect our a c before the heat comes for the summer . i had purchased a groupon last year but never used it , these guys still honored the groupon and took care of me . he gave me the estimate of repairs replacement parts and seemed very honest . anyone who lives in the south west knows that a c companies have the upper hand when your stuff breaks . i will definitely have these guys out every year for a checkup update 22 mar 2013 : so the rental company had their contracted a c company come out and they guy said everything is fine , does n't need anything that ar heating & ac said ... . which is disconcerting because i felt i could trust the both companies but one said it 's good to go no repairs nothing and ar said it need $ 300 in repairs . guess my comment above about a c companies having the upper hand was true . rating downgraded , get multiple inspections opinions ! i 'll be having a 3rd company out to make the final decision .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so far so good ! i have purchased a groupon for this company in the spring for maintenance . i felt that william was honest with me and not trying to get me to purchase more than i needed . my freon was low , so he filled it up . he told me that the valve was loose , so he tightened it . i called him this week because our upstairs air went out . he came and discovered a leak in our attic . once he discovered what was wrong , he fixed it quickly and was on his way for a reasonable price . i think ar can be trusted to do the work that is needed and charge a reasonable price . what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was relieved to find that when my ac went out last summer , they did n't try to sell me a new unit , they only replaced my broken fan motor . i now have them programmed in my phone in case my heater or air conditioner breaks again . william is great and really knows his trade . i was very happy with the service provided .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saved the day for us . we tried using the yes ! service for a heating issue we were having . unfortunately , they were overpriced , and fraudulent . a technician from ar heating & ac came within a couple hours , fixed the issue and was extremely professional ( and affordable ! ) . i would highly recommend these guys . most importantly , everything in the house is working great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe there 's hope for humanity after all ! it 's one thing to get good service but it 's another to go above and beyond . the service was top notch and friendly . i will definitely use them in the future . genuinely good people are hard to find especially when your talking about businesses . thanks a trillion you guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful experience with this company . they came out to fix our air conditioning unit in the heat of summer . they diagnosed the problem and solved it in minutes . they were very affordable , professional and did an excellent job . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service . we have 2 compressors for our ac system and one went out . they first scheduled to come after 5pm the same day , but when my husband called back to see if they could come earlier , they squeezed us in and came by . we really appreciated that and they fixed the part quickly and we were cool the same day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend ar heating and ac . william was the tech that visited us . i was running late in meeting him at my house . he came and left but also left a message that he will be back after completing another quick job in the area . he came back after less than an hour , which was still within the time frame that they originally quoted . he diagnosed the problem quickly and presented the repair scenario and the cost . it was acceptable and william completed the repair in less than 30 minutes . all in all , a very positive experience and i would recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "both him and his wife made me feel cared about - not gouged . definitely referring them to friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a groupon for this company in june . it is currently the end of september and i have tried contacting these people this entire time to schedule just an ac tune up . i have left over 10 voicemails over that time and no one ever has called me back . non-existent customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "william came out as a second opinion and i was so glad he did ! ended up i needed a new ac and he handled the whole process with my home warranty with ease . great communication , professionalism and follow up ! he even called to let me know the crane was on it 's way and so was he- that head 's up was really nice ! thanks to ar i am keeping cool and saving money this summer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you have an a c unit on the roof , forget these guys ! ! they need to buy a bigger ladder ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best experience ever with an a c company ! william is the owner , and the same gentleman who came out to take care of our broken upstairs a c unit . william was thorough , polite , and explained everything , including maintenance tips and upkeep . great guy ; great company . highly recommend . support our small businesses , especially the good ones !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "based on yelp reviews they were right , called ar just to get a c inspected and maintained . very nice to deal with , tech came out did a through inspection and cleaned unit and checked vents through out house . did n't try to sell anything pleasant to deal with . we found our company from now on . with so many company 's out there and we have used previously . definitely stand out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "could n't be happier ... an issue was found up on the roof that was causing wind noise inside my home as well as cold air to be coming thru the wall power switches . thanks", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wang mandu-large pork dumplings were what caught my attention to this restaurant . they close at 10:00pm , i called at 9:15pm and they said i can still come . stepping into this restaurant reminds me of how lucky i am to be able to eat authentic korean food in toronto . it feels like being back in seoul ! the kimchi was nicely marinated . one of the best that i 've ever had . the meat pancake was good and flavourful . one thing i do recommend is instead of two big ones , they should make it to four smaller size . service was very friendly , even when the waitress was on her way out . i asked to pack the rest , she came back and got me a container and sauce . i will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the old kenkou sushi place now transformed into a korean restaurant . coming here on a weeknight during dinner hours you can find yourself waiting for a table . thankfully parking is not a hassle in this plaza , coming in , the place is open , clean with hints of pan-asian decor . the service at `` m '' was excellent , our servers were attentive and provided us some recommendations as we were not sure what to order . when it was all finalized we ordered their kalguksoo - beef noodle soup in a lovely broth that screamed comfort food . bulgogi - bi bim bap with beef , served in a cast-iron bowl with decorative and presentable flavors this dish was a delight . wang mandu - in house , home-made giant puck-size pork dumplings ! overall this place is now one of my few go-to places for great korean food . the service , ambiance , price , quality and overall ambiance is worth another visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been wanting to check this place out since they opened , and i think i 'll be visiting them often . their bossam is really good . with great texture and taste . the kimchi that comes with bossam is a little sweet but it compliments bossam . their soup base for kalguksu ( noodle ) and manduguk ( dumpling soup ) is very thick and flavorful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time here yesterday and we ordered the kalguksoo and bossam . i really wanted to try their dumplings but i guess that will have to wait until next time . their kalguksoo was really flavourful because of their broth which is a beef bone based broth . and their bossam is also pretty good too so i do recommend giving that a try !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cold bean noodle soup had gone bad , and the waitress told me to order another dish without saying sorry . kalguksu and kimchi has too much artificial seasoning . i 'm not going to that restaurant again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "giant dumplings sounded like a dream , but turned out to be a little less amazing . the dumpling skin was nicely thin and delicate , but the minced meat filling was bland . ditto the seasonal noodles with soy milk , surrounded by a few floating ice cubes to keep the dish cold . were it not for the generous free pot of kimchi and the plastic soy sauce bottle at the table , i probably would n't have tasted anything . on the plus side , the service was nice , and the restaurant was clean . there was no wait time for a table of two on saturday night around 8pm .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the cleanest korean restaurants i 've ever been to ! the interior is quite modern and washrooms are very clean . they only have one side dish - kimchi but it 's the best kimchi i 've had so far . it 's very flavourful , not too sweet or sour , i really enjoy it . i have tried the large dumplings , tofu meat pancake and handmade noodles and they were all quite good ! their menu is smaller than others but food is good quality . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ambient is good . service is good . food is average . i came here because of the big dumplings , it is good for photo but it only tastes average . overall , this restaurant is ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "quite a good place to have a korean food here . it 's worth to try it . the service is good too . i like the big dumpling and noodle soup . i will try others next time . parking is easy . it will be on my lunch list with friends . give a five star , and expect the next time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had the real kalkoosu in myeongdong this does n't do it ... however it was n't bad tasting . the north had a very strong flavour . i did n't try the dumplings maybe i 'll give it a try next time . the portion size was good . they only have one side dish , kimchi but it 's fine . restaurant is pretty big in size , servers were attentive . over all it was alright but would n't crave for it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have to be honest , the best part of the meal was going to pizza pizza after , i tried the bimbimbap , and while it was ok , the portion size was so small , as if i had n't eaten anything . unfortunately the menu is very limited , so there are n't a lot of choices , other than traditional korean dishes they only serve one side dish which is kimchi . the service was quick but a bit abrupt . the dumplings were good but really salty . i can not recommend this restaurant and would not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we had gone to the clearance center to pick up a dresser we bought for our son and found a couch on the floor that we liked , tamara was very helpful with our purchase . also , the guys that packed our truck were awesome ! they fit the dresser & a full couch into our truck , it was like tetris . they are incredible . overall a great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm only giving it 2 stars because the customer service was decent . however , not even a year later and the bed frame we purchased broke and the couches are in terrible shape . the furniture they sell is so cheap , but i guess you get what you pay for . so disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "when we first walked in , we asked the guy about computer chairs , he just pointed us in the direction ! as we were looking lost , this other lady walked up to us and asked if she could help us ! she had on this long puffy coat , and a stylish brim hat ! because it 's so cold in this place . she was super helpful ! she walked us over to chairs , asked us if we liked them . but when we saw the price and the condition of the chairs , we told her , we would n't dare pay that much for a dusty dirty , torn chair ! she said everything was negotiable ! so we saw one , that looked like it would clean up nicely . she said to make an offer ! this one was about $ 298 we said $ 100 well they would n't go that low , so we walked away with nothing ! i give the 3 stars because of the customer service from the lady that helped us out !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do not buy furniture at walker furniture , especially do not purchase a warranty from them . my electric recliners stopped working in november . they got me a tech on dec 21st . tech said i would receive parts in 4-6 weeks . no parts by february . no return calls from customer service , as promised , with status of parts ; still busy from holiday . your parts will arrive on march . 14 , 2017 . no parts . i 've talked with two managers , well one manager that could n't help he was at a school function and another gentleman who listened intently but was more like a manger monitor . he could listen but not do anything . the third `` manager '' has received three message and a text . walker furniture is clueless about their warranty company and horrible at custer service . save yourself the aggravation and go to a swap meet . there you have no expectations of professionalism .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you can find a great deal here , basically everything is half off . i was able to find the perfect king bed for my room for a steal . i was also happy with the customer service from jose , fast check out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as a first time home buyer , i came here to get the essentials for my home at a discounted price . i was successful and bought 3 pieces- sofa , love seat , and 6 piece kitchen table . the experience would n't have been memorable without tamara my sales associate . she was amazing and so helpful ! if you 're thinking of swinging by , make sure to ask for her ! ! i will be a repeat customer because of tamara : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "customer service is real terrible and we will not be purchasing any more furniture from walker . we purchased furniture in december of 2015 from the clearance center . upon purchasing we inspected every piece we purchased and also took photos . there were no damages what so ever and some of the pieces were brand new . when the furniture was delivered and set up we found several pieces to have been damage . we got in contact with customer care they exchanged only a few of the damage pieces and we are still awaiting a call back from customer care since feburary . we also got in touch with the so call general manager and he also have been ignoring our emails and have not returned any phone calls as well . this is very inapporpriate of a business to provide this kind of cuatomer service to the following customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i made one last purchase here on the cheap recliner i needed - kumar from the main store helped me out with this ! the prices here are pretty incredible , they must be selling it near cost !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tamara was our salesperson and she was amazing ! we returned after just looking the week prior and she remembered our names and also remembered what we were looking for . she was able to help us find a perfect kitchen table and chairs at a great price . she was so helpful , knowledgeable and friendly to us that she made us feel like family . the day the furniture was to be delivered , she called that evening to make sure we were happy with the items . thanks to tamara , we had a great experience at the walker store on e. cheyenne .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a review concerning their customer service ... i previously have them 1 star for their store service , however , their management contacted me after my yelp review and were extremely helpful and pleasant ... they gave me the same helpful ... `` part of the family '' feel i have always associated with the name walker ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst place in the world to buy junk furniture . do n't waste your time or money they will sell you junk and charge you even though they get a refund from the manufacture . stay clear of this poor example of a furniture store . unsatisfied customer since october 2015 with no resolve to broken bed . after talking to mike he resolved all of the aforementioned issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "front desk employees get 0 % on their customer service ! no smiles , no greetings ! nothing . no your welcomes after a thank you ! mexican chick needs to wind her attitude up !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i spent hours in this store and left with the best deal ever . sales person joe was awesome and patient . the manager was also awesome and has a high respect for her customers . thank you for everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nettes personal , mit netten gespr\u00e4chen . frisur ist super und preis ist auch in ordnung .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sch\u00f6ner , gro\u00dfer salon und ein wirklich nettes sowie witziges personal . preis-leistung super . 19 eur f\u00fcr einen m\u00e4nnerschnitt samt beratung und waschen .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "die angestellten sind sehr freundlich . ich war bisher immer zufrieden mit dem haarschnitt . die hochsteckfrisur und das make up zur hochzeit hat super geklappt und war wundersch\u00f6n . danke !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great gym . i have been a member of la fitness for over 5 years and one day while driving by this place after the library i saw their promotion of $ 30 for 3 months . wow ! no gym of this caliber has ever offered that ... or at least none that i have ever seen . so i decided to join . well , it was the best decision i ever made in terms of joining a gym . this gym has great friendly staff , very clean , and everything is maintained and upgraded . even though this gym is n't the larger ones , it is still a good size for the number of people that visit this place . it has a juice bar and also provides towel service . a full-service washroom is amazing ... blowdry your hair , moisturize . great neighborhood gym ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great gym . quiet , never busy ( at least when i go during the day ) . the staff are very friendly . lots of cardio machines and are always available . they keep the club very clean . the music they play is not too loud . they have plenty of classes to take if you like that kind of thing , and trainers if you wish to use their services . they do n't `` hassle '' you to take the training and if you ask a question , they are helpful with the answer . great neighborhood gym . lot of parking too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dirty , broken machines , bad hours and unfriendly counter people . what more could you not ask for ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they used to be good rude staff unorganized over charged me and it does not stop so disgusted for $ 30 they lost me n i will write nice review on my fb of 4500 friends . done now see why they have poor rating and this for richmond hill location they should stop having their staff writing reviews", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you ever want to workout in the morning do n't sign up at this gym . never opens at 8 ( stated time on weekends ) so many members are left out to wait for it to finally open . though it is an enjoyable place to workout as it actually cares about the members , but recently it has started to slip downhill . so beware of what you are getting yourself into before being stuck in a contract .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff are awful , had to report them to the city because of a major mold problem in the men 's washroom . i told the staff they did n't seem to care , the city certainly did though .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "killer soup man ! i have only had the soup here , but it is pretty darn good . the sandwiches look good and my lunch date said they are tasty and fresh . it 's cold today , so i might hit kneaders tonight for my soup fix . yum .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "meh . i 've been here only a few times since its opening . twice through the drive-thru and once inside . each time the service was very poor . almost rude . when it happened in the drive-thru , i chalked it up to it being the drive-thru . when i actually went inside with my sister visiting from out of town , the service was unfriendly and unwelcoming . as if they were annoyed that we came in on a weekend afternoon while they were open for business ... 3 stars because the food that i had was good . the french toast is delicious and where else can you drive-thru for french toast ? the turkey dumpling soup - yummy . not sure though if the food is good enough to make up for the attitude ... .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we tried kneaders two times , both times not impressed . soggy bread , uncooked pastries , we will not go back . service was `` directive instead of suggestive '' the clients that were there each time were more interested in our conversations then keeping to themselves while we were eating . if i even get a weak moment and try it again i will re-review .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been to several kneaders in utah and arizona . now that this one is so close to my house i 'm afraid i 'll be there all the time ! i have n't had anything i did n't like . it is paradise bakery - but way better . the cinnamon french toast is amazing and it is all you can eat - however the initial portion is so large i ca n't imagine asking for more . the caramel syrup that is served with the pancakes and french toast is divine . this place is super kid friendly . my kids love the kids meals - especially the cookie ! my picky son is so happy that they have peanut butter and jelly as an option with grapes as a side . the turkey avocado sandwich is delicious and a huge portion . however my new favorite item is there chocolate coconut bread pudding . be sure to have them warm it up for you . wow it is amazing ! i hope i continue to love the place . i think it is a fantastic addition to ahwatukee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i frequented this location quite a bit ... until i found hair in my sandwich yesterday . i brought the sandwich to the counter to let them know . while they offered to remake it , i had lost my appetite and was no longer interested . they did n't really seem phased by this . no apology . no acknowledgement . nothing . i know when you eat out , this kind of stuff happens . under cooked , over cooked , missing this or that ... but come on . the customer service at this location is definitely lacking . i am really disappointed by this especially because it 's slightly more costly than any other fast food joint . i wo n't be back to any kneaders .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has been very disappointing the last couple of times we have come . the staff is not aware at all of what is on their menu or what is included in certain items . they were also very rude on our visit there today and of course got our order wrong even though it was correct on our receipt . not sure how that happens . i do not recommend this place as it is way over priced for the lack of quality and service that you will receive . if you are in the mood for good soup and sandwiches you would be better off going to paradise where at least the food is always consistent and the staff is friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "slow slow slow slow slow ! no point in using the drive thru because you would have taken the same time parking and going inside . if you must go , great brownies and turkey sandwiches too !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "average , especially with other options like cafe zupas not so far away . food : i ordered the reuben , which turned out to be quite salty . i ordered it to-go and , unfortunately , did n't discover until i got home that they forgot the thousand island dressing . cost : reasonable . service : the staff were cheerful . the food did n't arrive particularly quickly , but it was n't an annoyingly long time , either . atmosphere : eh , a bit cramped feeling . a bit like cracker barrel but squeezed into what felt like a smaller space . overall : it comes back to the food . i 'll give kneaders another try , but this time i was n't impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went to kneaders with a class from my school and it was a solid 3 star experience . the restaurant was very accommodating to the students i was with and the service was very friendly . i had the potato soup and it was decent , a little on the salty side , but not bad . the breads i tried were also fine , but nothing super special . i would come back to this place for a quick lunch if i were in the neighborhood , but i would n't go out of my way to come back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i placed an order for pickup and planned to go thru drive thru for convenience and was told that i need to come inside to pickup my order since it is a big inconvenience for them to go to another register and get my order and to make payment . well i am sorry to inconvenience you guys . will take my inconvenience elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since kneaders has moved into our neighborhood , we are normally there 2 - 5 times a week ! we love these things about kneaders : - incredible customer service - loyalty card - especially when they greet me by name with our order , nice touch - menu is fantastic - even though a bakery they thought of vegetarians like me ! - desserts = to die for ! - always have service with a smile ! - bakery is always clean - bread is to die for ! - displays in the gift area are always fun to look at - parking is easy access love the veggie avocado on rosemary bread . my daughter loves kneaders and we have gotten away from subway 24 7 ! had their pumpkin bread yesterday and omg - you must try it ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is amazing , service is slooow ! ! ! kneader 's in gilbert , az off of baseline & higley is amazing , never a complaint ! ! ! i really tried to give the phoenix location to get in the groove after opening , but months later , they are still horrible ! ! ! too bad , they are right across the street from my work . i hope this goes out to the powers that be to step it up !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come for the pastries . i 've heard a lot of mixed reviews about lunch but i have to say- they definitely know bread . the quality of bread really makes it here . if you 're a foodie that knows a good loaf , you 'll definitely appreciate this . the pastries are constantly changing but for the mini pies and cannolis , get there early in the morning and eat as soon as possible . the crispy , flaky bread definitely does n't stay that way all day . get 5 and then they 're discounted . totally worth it . i love the german chocolate pastries ( not a cake but more like a layered square ) and the bottomless french toast is to die for . seriously amazing . additionally , the atmosphere is pretty cute . there 's a little shop with trinkets to look at while you 're waiting for your goodies . the coffee is always solid . the staff are attentive and friendly and usually pretty young . i 've had nothing but great experiences here : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of my favorite lunch spots . the paninis are all great and the cinnamon bread is amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "healthier style fast food . fresh breads and pastries . great sandwiches and salads . i do n't think you can go wrong . plus , there is a drive thru . on top of all that , they 're open until 10pm , which helps for later cravings . good smoothies and a breakfast menu too . super clean and friendly staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no complaints on the food . i 'll go back for the soups and sandwiches . but the customer service sucked . i waited a long time in the drive thru just for them to forget my soup . had to go into the store to get the missing item . got home and noticed they forgot the cookie in my daughter 's kid 's meal . if i 'm paying $ 16+ for two meals , i 'd like to receive all my items in my order .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok so we went back to kneaders a couple of nights ago for a cookie to treat my kids before heading home . we arrived a little after 9 pm and was greeted by this discontented woman that looked so perturbed that we would do something so awful as to have her take an order . we had some of our cookie and then my son was having a hissy fit so we left in a hurry and i did n't have ample time to clean up the few crumbs that we had left . as i was entering my car with my kids , i see the grumpy lady through the window go over to our table to sweep up our mess as she looks up at me and shakes her head back and forth at me as to scold me for leaving a mess ! i 've never seen such blatant disrespect towards a customer . we are done with this place . she wo n't have to clean up after us ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came to this establishment solely to pick up deserts for a dinner i was heading to . they were ordered and then we moved aside to wait for them to be boxed up . as we are standing there waiting a lady came in and starts picking out several deserts and what does kneaders do but gives this lady the pasteries that we had just bought . they then try to say that she had ordered them first but clearly we saw her in line after us . the only thing they did was refund our money for the inconvinace nothing ... what kind of business does that.. one that will never have me or anyone i tell this story to as a customer again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't know why this restaurant only has 3 stars ! i have n't ever been disappointed with salads or sandwiches . not to mention their amazing baked goods and bread . it 's not the cheapest sandwich but it certainly is the best quality you 'll get in the neighborhood . if your looking for a cute little gift for a girlfriend be sure to check out their market inside the store . my favorite salad is the turkey , bacon avocado ! the turkey is just like you get on thanksgiving . big shredded chunks of breast meat . my hubby likes to build his own sandwich by picking every individual item he loves . not to mention plenty of sweets to add to the side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a couple of times . it is similar to a panera or paradise bakery . i have enjoyed the selection of breads here much more , 5 star . every time i have been here the service is exceptional , 5 star . i have been in line 10 orders deep and i have walked in and only had one in front . either way service is quick and very friendly . the dinning area is always kept clean . exterior is attractive . i like the soups but they nothing to write home to mom about . example , the tomato basil ravioli reminds me of `` chef boyardee . '' minor improvement can be made , but what they have going is a money maker for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small portions and not good tasting food . in the words of david sedaris , it was so bad ... and there was so little of it ! i ordered the reuben panini and it was $ 8.87 after tax . it 's not really a panini , just a half heartedly pressed sandwich . it came with a pickle and chips . the sandwich was small to average sized and contained pastrami , sauerkraut , cheese and a very unpleasant tasting dressing . the pickle was nice and crisp but the chips were stale , kettle style but without the crunch they 're supposed to have . drive thru service was neither friendly nor unpleasant , just indifferent . this should be a $ 5 sandwich , not a $ 9 sandwich . do yourself a favor if you 're in the area and go to jason 's deli , paradise bakery or hillside spot instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have gone twice while in the area shopping . i was excited to try as i 'm always up for fresh food ! the parking lot is very crowded probably mostly due to the winter population here.. i decided to go through the drive-through as there was no parking ! that was hard as i am not familiar with the food ... i ended up with a salad which was pretty good but i guess that 's not what they specialize in being a bakery ... next time i went back i went in ... . big mistake . it is so busy in there and very loud ! i did n't have time nor the patience to really study the menu as i just wanted to get food and get out ! if i do go back i will wait until the snowbirds leave and the traffic both in lot and inside dies down ... . disappointed", "score": "3"}
{"review": "4.5 stars . three visits now ! still living this place ... friendly , helpful service . cute , inviting interior with cracker barrelesque gifts available for purchase . ample outdoor seating with parking lot views ( could use some potted trees ) . oh , and the food , ca n't forget the food ! their french toast is fantastic . thick homemade bread lightly dipped and served with sliced strawberries , whipped butter and caramel syrup -- i was told it 's unlimited but two slices will fill you up for sure ! the breakfast sandwiches come standard in a croissant but we opted for the ciabatta bread and , while a bit big for the egg , bacon and cheese , it was so fresh and soft ! so much easier to eat than the tough ciabatta bread at most places . the orange juice tasted fresh-squeezed and was an appropriate $ 3 versus the $ 4-6 they charge elsewhere . took a couple of chocolate chunk cookies to go and they were soft and yummy ! we are going back . and soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love their food but the time it takes to get through their drive thru line is ridiculous . plan on spending a minimum of 20-30 minutes in line !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow , i do n't know how this place got great reviews ! i 'm a foodie , but the turkey `` pesto '' panini was absolutely disgusting ! i paid almost $ 9.00 for a sandwich that was completely soggy ( except the crust ) , and their version of `` pesto '' was to place several basil leaves inside the sandwich-which you could n't eat , as they were steamed and tough . i was starving , so i looked inside a small bag they gave me with the sandwich , and there were a few chips . stale , stale , stale-also unedible . so ... for almost $ 9.00 i threw everything in the trash . i would almost try it again , but i just do n't want to waste any more money . would never recommend this place . bummer , i love a good sandwich ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "turkey bacon avocado was great . focaccia bread was on point ! so fresh n soft and was pretty filling . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to kneaders for the first time and i did n't like what i had specifically ordered , the salad just did n't mix flavors properly to me , but i thought it could 've been just what i ordered . i went later on and tried some of their sandwiches and i just was n't impressed . i feel like for the price and everything there 's just better restaurant deli 's out there for way cheaper .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch today . first time . ordered the turkey bacon avocado on focaccia bread . the turkey is `` hand pulled '' but only about 2oz . very meager . the focaccia was 3 '' thich . we also ordered a chicken ala mondo salad . the chicken was flavorful , but the grated cheese looked like the `` pre-grayed '' stuff that has `` celulose '' therefore woos pulp . did n't notice when we ordered that there was bacon in each meal , which was cold . would have tasted 100 % better had they warmed it up . my husband also ordered a cinnamon roll . tastier than cinabun , but dry . the bread was the best thing going here . the final disappointment is plastic forks . ugh . not a fan . do n't think we will come back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i come here to this kneaders location often . i only use the drive through except for once . i must admit that my drive-thru experiences far outshine my visit inside . they are always courteous , knowledgeable and very accomodating . my food is always fresh and delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hazelnut bread is awesome , i even take some home to make sandwiches . prefer this place for breakfast and coffee . nice location and staff ! the coffee is way better than starbucks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to enjoy a healthy sandwich and bakery style treats . if your looking for a tasty alternative for a lunch on a saturday afternoon kneaders is the place to go . closed on sunday 's ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing too special . this place has been popping up everywhere in arizona , so i thought i 'd give it a try . when you walk in , it feels just like a panera . you order at the counter as you pass through the rows or breads and the dessert cases then find yourself a seat in one of the booths tables . they bring out the food for you if you choose to stay to eat . i ordered the turkey and artichoke focaccia panini . it came with some chips and a sliced pickle . it was pretty good , but nothing special . nothing i would n't think i could make at home . the service was nice and fast . the tables and restaurant was clean . i recommend this place for a quick , reasonably priced lunch . environment : 5 5 food : 3 5 price : 4 5 service : 4 5", "score": "3"}
{"review": "customer service is great , food is great . turkey bacon avocado sandwich sometimes looks like the lettuce is bad though , breakfast is always tasty .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had a surprisingly good experience at this place . my expectations were very high but i have expectations . as a low carb diet kind of guy i was a little worried but pleasantly surprised . the atmosphere is very lively and positive . the service was great too i asked for opinions and i got them . i asked for recommendations based off of my diet and received them . just quality people here and i like that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stopped by after work at 8 pm and ordered a sandwich . the sandwich was really good and the ice tea was good too . i tried a chocolate peanut butter cupcake and it was good . i will be returning to this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried twice before putting my 2cents . first , the place feels like you walked into a grandma 's house . not a fan of the atmosphere and the surroundings . the sandwich ( roast beef ) was very underwhelming . first , roast beef must be thin and piled on . this was on the thick side and there was hardly any , the bread seams to smother it . taste is borderline bland . another negative , but i ca n't confirm this , why the closed on sunday ? if for religious reasons , then please keep your religion out of a public business . same beef i have with chick fillet ( although their food is tasty ) .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "talk about great service recovery ! our order was put in wrong ... that happens , no prob ! the server and asst mgr came out and went above and beyond to fix it for us ! ! they took time out and made sure we were taken care of ! thank u sincerely kevin and hannah ! will return for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best salads , sandwiches ever ! i 've been here many times now . the turkey bacon salad is my favorite . they also gave a chocolate dome dessert . by far the best dessert i 've had in years . you can just go buy that . this place is great . i 'm hooked !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kneaders is the best ! ! ! being a michigan native , i was n't aware of this place . not only are the salads unique and great but they have a drive thru too ! the wait time can be a little long sometimes but it 's totally worth it . if you 're new to arizona , definitely try their salads !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just returned from kneaders on indian school and 38 street . two days in a row the owner manager made my salads . two days in a row she took the order herself and she made the salads . it was wrong again ! i would think really hard before eating here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried the place and food was not bad . i was wondering why there were so few patrons in the place . used the men 's room on the way out . a freaking cockroach was on the floor of the restroom . fuggettaboutit ! you decide !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "paradise wildflower on crack ! i ordered a club and my boyfriend ordered the irish stew with irish soda bread . i was very impressed with how clean , and fast service was ! my boyfriend takes forever to order , and the girl at the counter was so patient ! definitely will be coming back & recommending to all of my friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a disappointment ! i have lived in the `` bubble '' aka ahwatukee for 21 plus years ... i was hoping for a great breakfast , lunch ... community feel restaurant ... .it is corporate all the way ... yuck . pricey , lousy coffee , and here we go ... sandwiches . are there not enough sandwich joints yet ? i went during breakfast and instead of muffins and pastries ... it was cake..cookies ... heavy desserts ... sorry guys ... you missed the mark with me .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our second time here ( drivethru ) and their sandwiches are amazingly delicious . it 's cheap and i order a vegetarian sandwich and its onos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! love their selection of kids meals , just the right size and always fresh ingredients ! love the grapes and juice box option to reduce the amount of sugar . side note : i do n't have kids , i order them for myself !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really like the selection of food , although last time i got the citrus salad and there were maybe two large sections of grapefruit and that was all . i was disappointed . i like their smoothies and their pastries are delicious . i 'm always in a rush so i do n't usually go inside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have just had a delicious meal at the kneaders in ahwatukee and wanted to share that ryan showed excellent customer service ! we already had sat down and he took our credit card to keep us from having to wait in line , when we decided last minute to order thanksgiving rolls . great job ryan ! ! thank you for making our experience so lovely this week !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today was my first time eating here . i 've passed it so many times and grew curious . i had the chicken pesto panini , which was done so fast i had to hurry and find a place to sit . i thought , wow i hope these are not pre-packaged and sitting under a food warmer . i tried it and immediately grew disgusted by the soggy texture of the bread and the chicken was n't freshly grilled . in fact , it tasted re-heated and unpleasant . i started to watch how long it took others to receive their food and it was definitely a lot longer than me . i refused to eat anymore . not impressed , wish i could have went to jason 's deli or pita jungle instead . 1st timer but i will not be going back . wasted $ 9.11", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kneaders is great for soups and desserts ! much better than paradise . their asiago bread is my favorite ! i could eat the whole loaf ! ca n't wait to go back and try their french toast breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a total of two times now , both through the drive thru . the first time i ordered a guava smoothie , the club sandwich , and a lemon muffin top , i was very impressed and knew i would be coming back ! the bread on the sandwich was what sold me , however the sandwich itself i found to be a little overly mayo-d. today i picked up some pancakes with a side of bacon and sausage and i think they might be the best pancakes i 've ever had . thick , fluffy , and the home-made caramel syrup tops it off nicely by not being overly sweet . so far , so good . i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love their mexican hot chocolate . however , the drive they wait is always ridiculous . i am in their drive through right now as i am writing this , there is no one in front of me or behind me and only a few people inside . i 've been waiting for about 10 minutes and all i ordered was my hot chocolate ... how long does it take to make ? ? ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "waited 45 minutes in line for a brownie and bread pudding . ray road ahwatukee store . horrible system . oh and the piece of bread pudding was small , 1 2 the size of the plastic takeout container . i wo n't go back . the manager did refund my money so that was nice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pretty cool spot . they have some delish dessert pastries & breads . i have tried their french toast breakfast special . good portion & i believe it 's all you can eat if you dine in . not that i could even finish the plate i started with . we have tried a few of their desserts . if you are a chocolate fan , their chocolate mousse dome , is yummmy ! ! they also have a small fruit tart , nice lil bite of deliciousness have n't tried any of their lunch items ... but i guess that could be on our next stop . would recommend you ask for their `` loyalty card '' it adds up points or $ $ , not sure , but have to ask or mention it before you pay . because of course they will not mention that it 's not valid after you pay ... lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great bread and soups . i like that they have healthy kids meals . wish they were open sundays", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service here was faster than the other two locations i have been to . however , the customer service was pretty flat and bad . the employees bordered on rude , unhelpful and intrusive . the soup is delicious . the bread the is okay . the pink pina colada smoothie is amazing but at 700 calories should probably be skipped . my daughter did not like the hot chocolate at all and had to get a refund .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "part of my job is to pick up different incentives from businesses in the arizona area . i had to do a pick up from kneaders and figured i might as well have lunch there too . that was on monday and since then me and my mom have been coming here every day this week . their sandwiches and paninis are delicious and so are their desserts . their staff is as nice and polite as can be and their manager josh is always there to help you out . i highly recommend kneaders to anyone that 's hungry and willing to spend some money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the place has a great bakery , but if you want to have the lunch or the diner , the final price you will pay maybe does n't worth for what you will eat . think about it , you will pay for a combo of sandwich , small chips , soda and pastry $ 15 . there are other places where you pay this money for two meals . anyway try a eclair by 2.59 , it 's great !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ok only went through drive through and got soup and a smoothie . but the guy at window was super nice , and not that fake way . smoothie was good , soup was ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the past couple times have been awful . the last citrus chicken salad i got was covered with cooking grease from the chicken . almost 3 tablespoons worth at the bottom of the salad . completely inedible . great job kneaders !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we found this place by accident ... volleyball tournament a few hours away from home . we split an excellent , fresh turkey sandwich with amazing bread . then we noted they had breakfast sandwiches for next time ... and they had a location close to home . we are now regulars and love the `` made to order '' quality that we get every time . employees are friendly and above the normal bar . our scottsdale location gives the impression of `` family owned '' and we appreciate them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! i always get the egg bacon cheese croissant sandwich with scrambled eggs . the food is delicious . there is a guy that is there every time i go . he seemed super nice . kinda too nice and the more i go he seems like he 's not happy there ? i do n't know i may be wrong but i 'm starting to notice the fake smile . sometimes i feel he gets annoyed because i ask for scrambled eggs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the cinnamon caramel french toast was rich and tasty . there are lots of great looking breads and pastries to take home . the counter service was friendly and helpful and the store was well-kept . looking forward to coming back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is one of the most amazing sandwich shops i have been too . the turkey is out of this world , fresh and moist . their breads are all very good ! the carrot cake and apple bread pudding is some of the best i have ever had ! i would recommend this place to anyone that likes good sandwiches ! the store has a country vibe with cute gifts to buy at reasonable prices . check this place out for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "breakfast at kneaders is to die for ! try the unlimited french toast ! divine ! great service ! amazing food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lots of good pastry choices here - bread pudding , fruit tarts , cinnamon rolls , cookies , cupcakes , and the like . but very few other choices for breakfast . two breakfast sammies , three scramble egg omelettes , pancakes , and french toast . the french toast did look amazing though . eggs were a bit dry but but but they did get my confused order correct , which i truly appreciate . coffee was out when we arrived , they were brewing new ( 9:30am ) but not too much of a problem . very understaffed for as busy as they were this morning - slowing ordering and service down a bit . interestingly , the toast is only toasted on one side . i have never seen that before . i would maybe stop in here again but probably only for sweets .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food here is good . the french toast breakfast is great . i 've had lunch here several times as well and enjoy the sandwich soup combo . pastries are always good . the 3 stars is because there is no wifi . who in this day in age does n't have wifi ? ? i would come here more often if they did .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food , clean restaurant , lots of random gift items . bakery items looked awesome but i had a soup and salad . portions were good and all ingredients seemed very fresh . will back again soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "first i will say that we will never go back . we orderd rueben sandwiches . the only good thing was the bread . i think that they forgot to use pastrami . it was clearly roast beef . there is no mistaking the diffeernce between the two . in a whole sandwich , there was one very thin layer of meat that did not even cover the whole sandwich . they forgot to bring out the `` parmesan '' chips . they finally brought out soggy , tasteless chips there was absolutely no trace of parmesan anywhere . all of the tables were dirty . i went and asked if someone could come and clean some tables . the guy was washing tables and chairs using the same filthy rag . nasty nasty this review is for the new location in avondale .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went into kneaders today about 2:00 , walked right up to the counter to order . i made eye contact with a worker and he did n't say anything , he walked by 3 more times and still nothing . 2 other workers were right there too , but nobody acknowledged me . he finally said `` have you been helped ? `` , after a while . i finally got some help . food is good , desert is delicious , but not happy with the crappy customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "best french toast on the planet . no lies . fantastic baked goods . great salads and sandwiches . prompt friendly service . i never had anything here i did n't like . did i mention the french toast ? amazing . i just wish kneaders could have moved to flagstaff with me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kneaders is a solid spot for sandwiches ! i would have preferred if the overhead menu had more details about what is in each sandwich , but they have a smaller menu if you ask for more information . the sandwiches are very hearty and filling . i could only eat half the sandwich before i was too full . we ordered the french dip with caramelized onions and the turkey artichoke on focaccia . both were very tasty , but i wish their bread was thinner . i felt like the sandwiches were overwhelmed by the thick slices of bread . i also tried the razzleberry berry smoothie , which was good but a little too sweet . otherwise , the sandwiches and smoothies at kneaders are flavorful and a make good full meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is such a cute place for breakfast . i go a lot with my dad to get the unlimited french toast that is seriously so yummy ! they also have amazing cannoils !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! just do n't try to come on sunday .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ahhhh sweet century iii chick fil a .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very unfriendly staff , inquired about a military discount , which most chick fil a 's that i have been to offer , and the woman just gave me a dirty look and said no . did n't bother to ask a manager or anything , and it 's usually just the police discount , which our military service members definitely ( at least ) deserve . not going here anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got stuck in vegas due to flight delay and booked a room at hyatt place ( highly recommend ) . walked across the street to a strip mall with lots of food choices and selected this place . glad i did ! i 'm not a fan of hot dogs , but this one was a monster . actually selected a polish sausage with kraut and chill to be precise . fun change of pace . small but very good selection of draft beers . they also have burgers if a dog or sausage is not your preference . very friendly service highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "on my first visit - i was extremely happy with so many aspects of dog haus - the flavors , the quality of the food - a bar that stays open until 4am ... there 's some good , basic craft beers and an accommodating set of spirits if you 're up for a drink with your gourmet dog . the buns .. hawaiian sweet bread = delicious . toasted nicely and just a really nice layer of flavor in the mix . i 'll definitely be back ! thanks to a vey cool and helpful staff.. oh and the house bloody mary 's are also worth a try ! slightly sweet but savory and finished with bacon . happy eating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome food , very unique flavors . staff was incredibly friendly , especially for vegas . tried a few of their cocktails too , was really impressed ! i 'll be back next time in las vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looking for a gourmet hot dog ? stop in and check this place out . from clever names to a variety of options , including your basic dog , sausage option , or hamburger variations , this place has it all . plenty of seating available , including long picnic style seating for larger groups . has a 6 top bar if you want to try a craft beer with your dog . ( that 's what i did , plenty of ipas too ; ) ) i had the pig lebowski , hubby tried the reservoir hog , and we split the love boat tat or to style which includes haus chili and haus slaw . try this place out if you 're in the hood looking for an inexpensive lunch with a bar that does n't have keno machines glaring back at you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yaaass ! my favorite hot dog spot now ! the dogs and sausages here meaty , juicy ( that sounded dirty teehee ) , and flavorful . they come served on toasted split hawaiian buns . came here with a friend and sampled a couple of items . she had the old town dog ( wrapped in bacon ! ) with fries which were yum too . i had the das brat , a polish sausage with sauerkraut and spicy mustard , and battered onion rings . just to round out the fatness of it all , we completed our combos with shakes , mine a dutch chocolate , and hers a vanilla . they were good , kinda tasted like wendy 's frosties . we sat at the bar ( they have a full bar by the way ) , and the staff was very helpful . the condiments and utensils were clear on the other side if the restaurant , but the lady who rang us up got us forks , ketchup , napkins , whatever we needed . coming back if i 'm ever in the area !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "freaking delicious ! ! amazing hot dogs and burgers made with high quality ingredients . my fianc\u00e9e and i shared the bailoni dog and the little mule burger and savored then to the very last bite . also notable , on sunday 's they have happy hour 11am - 4am ! i would skip the soft serve ( it 's too soft ) next time but will definitely try the adult milkshake in the future . enjoy !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "read about the dog haus in the las vegas weekly and i had to try it out tonight after work . $ 1.25 for these amazing sliders is a steal . i have found a new late night happy hour staple ! ! 1am to 4am is just my hours . well one is a corn dog dipped in the house made root beer batter , which is different and fantastic . one is a hot dog with cheese & bacon and both the slider & dog are served on sweet hawaiian rolls . coming back soon and often . the chef was also a super friendly gentleman !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "open late : check . decent beer selection : check . ( ~10 on tap , including goose island , some sierra nevadas , cider , others ) full bar : check . ( i did n't try it , but they have some special mixed drinks like `` rebel juice '' ) . great hot dogs : check . ( from your standard chicago and chili dogs to more exotic ones like the scott baioli , spicy slaw , etc ... all served on irresistible hawaiian buns ) reasonable prices : check . ( $ 7-9 for hot dogs . $ 6 for a kids meal including fries and a soda ) great location : medium . ( i will definitely go before rebel games , and do n't mind driving to it once in a while , but i wish it was closer ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the burgers are on point ! the corn dog batter is amazing and the shakes are good ! i will be back", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had the sooo cali super good . just came back again had the old town dog if u like hot spicy food this is got a good kick.i will be back again for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time to this place and i got ta say it rocks ! ... literally . their always cranking great music : - ) . i stumbled on the place and what a find ! not only is their selection of dogs delicious , but their staff is so cool and very friendly . there is something for everyone here , including veggie dogs . they also do burgers too . i suggest picking something from their list ... you wont go wrong . if you catch them 3-6 they have 2 for craft beers . i find myself attracted to this place everytime i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered delivery from here off of grub hub , the place is alright we each got build your own hot dogs for 8-9 $ and also ordered a side of chili cheese tots and onion rings . my husband got bacon added on his and it was n't crispy he said it tasted like it was n't even cooked all the way . for the price of each topping i 'd think they would be more on the generous side . i want to give this place another try but in person next time around .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing like bad service to put a bad taste in your mouth . the sad part is that the food is good . not great , but good . first impression of someone who does n't have a name tag or introduce themselves or smile say , `` i do n't eat here , i just work here , '' when you ask a question , is an automatic fail . not to mention , `` i do n't know , i do n't even drink beer , '' to top it off ? i do n't care how good your food is , i will never enjoy myself at a place that makes me feel like i am inconveniencing you . i would rather go to work than come and eat here , because i would give better customer service and feel better about myself . what 's waste of money . 35.00 for two beers and two hot dogs plus awful service . no thank you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! this place is n't as close as all the other hot dog places on the strip but it is well worth the trip . all the other places are charging upwards of $ 5 for plain hotdogs . for the same price here you can get amazing dogs with all sorts of combinations and choices . the tatter tots are fine . nothing extraordinary . however the seasoning on the fries are great ! i could n't get enough . the basic beef dog and the bacon wrapped dog are both delicious . they were even so nice and grilled the beef dog to a more well finish for one of us . the place looks cool and is clean . the staff are really friendly and look like they 're having a good time . coming again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time back , the dogs were good but witnessed massive contamination issues today at 5-30 12am . the girl who was working cashier tonight who had on the flower daisy neckless and carried a pink cellphone cover went into the food line to help out . although she wore blue gloves , she scrambled raw eggs with it into the pan . she then without changing gloves used her hand to dip into the condiments station to top everyone 's order who had any condiments . it was busy too so everyone 's order had a bit of raw eggs mixed in . did n't see anyone who appears to be managers so i hope they read this", "score": "2"}
{"review": "there dogs and burgers are so gooood me and my bf also love the tots ! food always taste great : ) our fave is the holy aioli burger !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately i 'm not going to get into how long and juicy the weiners are like all the other reviews..rofl.. but i will say this place is great.. i tried the fonz.. and it was awesome . . everything was fresh and delicious . . the pastrami seemed to be very high end and the bun , dog , and cheese were unbelievable . . fortunately i work right around the corner so i will defiantly be back..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what 's up with all these good reviews . wondering if they ate the pretty food in the pictures in yelp or the box of slop like i did today . ordered an ava maria ( burger ) , fries and a drink . the burger was soaked in grease and butter from bun all the way in . starving , i pulled the burger apart and tried to just eat the meat , tasteless bland ground beef . i hate to be so harsh , i work near there and was hoping that i found my new spot . only saving grace were the french fries but even those were just saturated with grease . so all in all i payed 13 $ for a soda . wo n't be back and would not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they have really great hot dogs . i had a bratwurst . it was very good , i give this place 3 stars because i found i long black hair in my chili cheese tots which sort of threw off the whole experience . the people who work are very nice and the chocolate milkshake was very good as well . i may try this place again because the dogs are amazing , just better without the hair .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "more than just a hotdog place . so many options we wanted to try them all . we ended up sharing the scott baioli and the one night in bangkok . both were a little messy but sooooooooo amazing . the onib was kind of spicy for me but still really tasty . the cheese tots are very good . very cheesy . overall we are def going back to try new things very soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first time today , came in right when they opened . got the old town dog , pig lebowski , little mule burger and love boat with tots ( i was here with other people ... did n't eat all this alone ... although i probably could have ! ! ) everything was really good , the sausage had great flavors , the bbq sauce and slaw that came on top of the sausage were a great combination . the place is spacious , officers alcoholic beverages , nice and clean . it is a better deal to pick from one of the options the already created , making your own dog will most likely cost way more since each topping costs anywhere from .70-1.50 $ . the only small hiccup was that they were n't quite ready when they opened , there was n't ice in the soda machine and the bathroom did have papers . but it was not a big deal at all ! overall , great flavors and reasonably priced ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and every time i return to vegas this may be a stop that will be required . i got the bratwurst with grilled onions , and the bun oh damn !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by the other day for lunch with the family . this place was awesome , the hot dogs were excellent and the tater tots were cooked perfectly . i had the old town dog and it was great . my wife built here own , which is a great option , and the kids loved the kids size corn dogs and sliders . overall a great place to eat , hope they open a few more locations so i do n't have to drive near the strip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time ordering from here this morning and not only did it get here quick , the food is amazing ! ! ! i saw all the reviews and thought , it ca n't be that good i mean people always say something 's good but i do n't always agree ... however these people put love into their food you can taste it ! will definitely be ordering from here again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service from brisa . this place is a hidden jewel ! happy hour craft beers and deals on tater tots . not a place to miss !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was very cool ! my service was amazing ! adam and andrew were very accommodating and personable . they had a 2 for 1 happy hour from 3pm-6pm that was excellent . the prices are a little up there , but the happy hour prices are key ! give them a try . food was good ! great choices !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing . just had the old town dog , downtown dog and holy aioli cheese burger ( sampled between myself and my girlfriend ) . a little pricey but the food has such a unique taste and flavor that makes it a restaurant unlike any other . definitely a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! i got the downtown dog and i do n't even think i chewed my food it was so good ! ! ! i can not wait to go back , the service was fantastic and quick as well ! great job dog haus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was ok service was slow to place order & get our food guy at the counter was nice & polite hot dogs were burned not again for me xxxxxxxx cc cctv vbnmbvvbbbbbbbbbvvvcxcbgghgfyfgvfgdgggddffyhhgffhhhhjjjjjjjisstgnlotrwwsfhbkkllhcsssssshjnvxxvvvgggffffdffdfdassdguj recommended by friends but not my choice", "score": "3"}
{"review": "hot dogs r on point . discovered this place in pasadena\u200b two days ago and went again as soon as i got bk to town . i have done the ringer down town dog corn dog ( the best ever period ) the cowboy dog very good wit the fried onions . also had the hangover and the holy aioli burgers . la location was trendy with a patio this vegas spot is whatever just like johnny rockets before it mediocre and over priced real estate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a twist on hot dogs and burgers . great flavor . i love how the hot dogs and burges are served on a toasted hawaii roll . i had another night in bangkok it was very flavorful . the thai peanut sauce was a perfect pair with the slaw . i will definitely be back . hopefully next time they wo n't over cook the fries . very clean establishment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not a fan of tater tots but wanted something to go with my burger & decided to go crazy so i had the chili cheese tater tots & i love them . i order from here everyday i 'm in vegas . i just ca n't get enough . and the sweet buns just make the burger 10x better .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has great options for vegetarians which i appreciate . the food is always tasty and there are a lot of options . everyone who works here is nice and helpful . the only negative thing i have to add is that this place is on the more expensive side ( especially for hot dogs )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omgoshhh ! ! ! our first time here and definitely not our last ! ! the hot dogs and corn dogs are all beef and cooked to perfection ! ! we had a cpl of the angus beef sliders and they were delicious as well ! ! super tiny for $ 2.49 , but well worth it ! ! the # 1 star of this joint ? ? has got to be the chili cheese fries ! ! ! they are so tasty and cheesy and oh-my-goshhhh i want some more ! ! lol ... the staff is super helpful , friendly and attentive - go check em out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here , and i get a burger . lol . i 've wanted to try this place out for awhile , but a few days in row of having leftover bratwursts , i 've got ta have something else . customer service was awesome . was greeted by several people right off the bat , and they did n't make fun of me for squinting and wearing shades at one point ( light sensitive after laser eye surgery ) .also appreciated the way our cashier walk around and check up on us and other patrons . thanks for the recommendation of mixing the coconut stout and a cider ! i 'm trying to remember the name of the beers to mix at home in the future ! the food was extremely delicious ! reminds me of good street food , only indoors = ) i got the little mule ( sliders ) , and the fiance got the scott baioli . out of the two , i 've got ta admit that his was better . i liked how spicey my sliders were , and the hawaiian bread just cuts into the savory flavors perfectly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if david hasselhoff was a hot dog , he 'd be @ dog haus ... this place is awesome and crazy quick and convenient", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly service lots of choices , decent prices . dogs were different tasting than what i am used to ( nathan 's or sabretts ) my kids were n't fans but i 'm totally up for trying more things out . we went on weds and sliders and sides were half priced for happy hour ( before 6 i think ) . my husband loved their unsweet tea . my kids got a kick out of watching planes fly overhead and the toys were well received .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i will never go anywhere else for a burger or dog ! it 's a delicious explosion of amazingness in between sweet hawaiian rolls ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! so freaken good . i got the brat corn dog and it was so tasty . my coworker got the fonz and he said it was absolutely delicious . tots and onion rings were both really good . highly recommend coming here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my big thing while here this time around is finding grub that is affordable . this place fit the bill and was delicious to boot . if you 're trying to cure your vegas hangover with some fried food look no further . boyfriend had a bacon wrapped hotdog on a hawaiian role bun with the works and i got a few sliders with onion rings and our meal was incredibly affordable ( especially for vegas ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought this place was just okay . my kids loved this place . i think it may be because they saw it on youtube , but for me , it 's a hot dog - how good could it be ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was amazingly good . good get away from the strip life . your mind will be blown . they use kings hawaiian rolls for their buns .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i had tasted every type of burger around , but i was wrong . i love the unique style of sliders this restaurant offers . i had the burger with mushrooms and onions , and it was very satisfying . the fries were good too . i hope to come back here regularly to explore the menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yes . gourmet bbq & slaw hotdog on a bun made of three grilled and split king 's hawaiian rolls and a pbr for a few bucks . friendly staff , great food . looking forward to coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "meet meat ; ) new dog haus location las vegas is packed today on their opening day . little mule is the best dog haus burger !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome stuff ! come here if you never have and try everything on the menu . amazing staff and customer service is always their main priority . we 're from california so our usual dog haus visit is in pasadena however this location was none lacking as for presentation and customer service . ordered 3 burger sliders and 2 hot dog sliders with some tater tots . delicious as always , my only reason behind my rating was my girlfriends input on how she preferred pasadena over this location . regardless , this place is a must ! great job as always dog haus , we shall see you soon !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . hot dogs , beer ? yes , please ! friendly staff , great food . i was offered a sample of a milk shake and , good grief , had i not been so full , i 'd have ordered one . save room for that ! next time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! russell was so helpful and picked the perfect burger for my needs , he even gave me an order of fries ! yayyyyy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend recommended this place to me while i was in cali . soooo glad they finally opened one in vegas . the line here was n't as long as the one in burbank .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this dog and burger haus was a delightful surprise . we have been staying at the hard rock which is just across the street . my husband and i both ordered burgers which were fantastic ! everything is fresh and made fresh to order . the decor is urban rustic and very cool . the staff is exceptionally friendly and professional which is not expected these days at a fast food place . very refreshing ! this company must really take good care of their employees . absolutely perfect service ! thank you russell and staff for being awesome ! happy bellies here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love eating here when your not on a budget and looking to only feel your stomach half way lmao . it a hot dog place and they do a great job making it into a joint for different kind of eaters . love coming here when i get hot dog cravings and there beverage selection sucks but i do recommend it to people who want something outside the box .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they just opened so hopefully their service gets better as they work through the kinks and get faster at preparing food , we waited for a food 20-25 minutes for the food to come out . their food on the other hand was great ! ! the freiburger was by far my favorite , it 's served on a sweet roll with american cheese , mayo , fried egg , slaw and fries . soo good . ( 7.99 ) the fonz was good , but i personally would n't get it again . it was on the salty side . italian spicy sausage with pastrami and mozzarella . ( 7.99 ) my daughter got the corn dog kids meal it was pretty big with fries and 2 `` sliders '' we also got the caramel `` spiked '' milkshake . which was better than i expected ! it was a good mix of alcohol and milkshake .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love coming here . the food is so delicious and the service is good . i like all the different combinations of food they put together in their hot dogs . one of my favorite items is the burger with the egg over easy in it . it 's the best one they have there . i have yet to try their brat sausage links yet but that 's next on my list !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the decor and ambiance . the burger was extremely messy and flavors did n't mesh as well as i expected . had the holy aioli ... it was just ok . i like the concept and will try the dogs another time . super friendly staff", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their place is great ! food , atmosphere , drinks , service , and super clean ! i did read a lot of reviews on this place and most were pretty good . i did read a couple that ranted and raved over this place , but gave 3 stars ? ? ? at any rate , i would definitely recommend this place if you like hot dogs and burgers . i think they have beer as well , but i do n't drink . fries were on point ! shakes are super thick and yummy ! get down to this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dogs and burgers , i had the old town dog which was great and a burger with the egg that 's make with brisket patty also service was fast and friendly i would recommend to go and try it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came here on friday night of edc weekend and was actually very surprised if not a little worried that there were only 2 other customers when we walked in but i guess we had come after the dinner rush and long before they made their way back . anyways , wife got a burger and i got a veg dog with avocado and mayo which surprisingly tasted exactly like any actual beef hot dog you will find . they have tons of other options and you can always customize it to your likings . they use the hawaiian sweet bun type for everything on a roll but amazing taste and a little expensive sure . but for it , the quality comes through . nice little central part of vegas off the strip across from hrh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down , thee best dog i have ever encountered ! i will definitely come back ... made my night ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was awesome . i got the cheese fries and the hangover burger , and the ringer burger . the hawaiian roll buns add that extra bit of delicious to the sandwiches . will defiently be ordering from them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "same service but got several apologies for the wait and mistakes plus a couple of coupons for free dogs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been wanting to try this place and i finally did , and loved it . i got the sooo veggie ( sausage ) . was amaaaazing and the fries were good too . my friend thought they were cold , but to me , they may have been room temperature . however , most fries are not good once cold . these were still good . next time i want to try the loco moco with a veggie patty", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had dinner later than usual ; so this was dinner for the following day . chicken noodle soup was warm , but i was hungry so i practically licked the bowl . i got the 3 courses for as low as $ 9.99 . fyi the salmon is $ 15.99 includes the soup , the meal , and a dessert . choices of rice , mashed or baked potato is available . it was good . not the best seafood everrrr . menu is almost like a denny 's . but i can say i 'd find more satisfying selections on a denny 's menu . our server lucy was awesome though - funny sweetheart . it was a convenient restaurant after our penny slot gambling spree . so there ; an average 3 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this cafe is in the j.w . marriott resort at summerlin the rampart casino absolutely the worst service ! ! we were going here quite a bit they have a dinner specials and we liked that they have these specials and they are pretty good with appetizer and dessert ! the only thing is do n't expect a big dessert it is very small ! you do get what you pay for i guess ! time after time it seemed like the servers just take their time and not care if you have your drinks filled or if you need anything . we have had to go to the kitchen door where they walk in to ask where our waitress was ! ! i think they need new staff who wants to work and needs to work to get them to service the tables better . some act like it is just too much for them . unless we see service has changed we would rather eat at the buffet or the irish pub across the way !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my experience with this cafe is that it is mainly geared towards seniors with small servings , cheap prices and mediocre food . although my company of great family made this experience better this restaurant seemed like the step child of rampart casino . our server was great , his name was anthony and he was as attentive as he could be .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meeting friends here for dinner tonight , two had blintzes , one had the veal shank special , and i had the cuban sandwich . i have n't been here in over a year and nothing has changed -- including the menu . my cuban sandwich was good , and it came with fries ( my choice ) . service was good and i really have no complaints . there 's simply nothing compelling about eating here that makes me think , `` hey , i think i 'll go to the rampart and eat at the promenade caf\u00e9 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "after coming to the promenade cafe i now know what purgatory looks like . a lot of waiting , and the food sucks . the only shining light of our meal was our friendly waitress who sadly had to go on her break and left us with a mix of awful waitresses who could care less about us since they had nothing to gain . the food was cold and basically flavorless but at $ 9.99 i 'm sure they could 've served cardboard and the jew in me still would 've ordered the special . i ca n't help myself . but i do know one thing , and that is to never come back to purgatory again . i 'd rather go straight to hell !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the $ 9.99 steak and lobster special got us in the door . it was actually better than i thought it would be for the price ! the only real issue is the wait . not only are you waiting for a table , but the waiter stops by once in a blue moon , so order your entre as soon as you sit down ! we finished our meal and still had to wait about 20 minutes for a waitress to give us our check so we can leave . we still gave her a good tip though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really suprised to see some of the bad reviews here . i have been a couple of times , and the food is consistently tasty , and a great value for the money . this last time , we had prime rib and salmon , and both were perfectly cooked and great portions . service was a little slow , but not so bad it affected our experience . i will absolutely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "poor selection and poor service . the hostess was too busy to seat me at 3 am because she was busy talking to the security gaurd . the food was okay , no specials were available . the waitress was efficient , bringing me several ice teas at once . at the end of my meal , the hostess was busy chatting up the only other customer in the cafe , an older gentleman , to bother to pick up my check . she was quick to take the other gentleman 's check . so i guess , if you are a single , older gentleman or have one in your party , then this is the restaurant for you . notherwise , this place is just meh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "breakfast was edible . the servers were nice enough , and clearly a bit beleaguered by the lack of help , the ebb and flow of customers , and the noise of the casino . the food ... well the bacon i was served was burnt beyond recognition . not sure i would have served that to a fellow human ... but they did . i would say , this will do in a pinch , but do not come here to dine with the stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm still fairly new to northwest las vegas and i am missing being able to have a mediterranean meal . the server suggested that i try the pomegranate chicken . oh my ! it was the best ! i 've never heard of it before . the restaurant is very clean , portions are generous and all who work there are very friendly ! i would suggest you try this place soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only good for breakfast ; they can handle the morning rush but that 's about it . lunch and dinner options , while varied , fall short of expectations - bland food and low quality ingredients . service also follows the same path .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we love this place for breakfast because it 's a great price and pretty good food . the crusted french toast is amazing but hard to finish because it 's so rick . i was happy with everything i 've had here for breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had brunch here about a month ago and split an omelette ( canadian bacon , provolone , and tomato ) and a breakfast burrito . the service was slow . ( 1 5 stars ) the food was good ( 3 5 ) but the portions were small ... definitely not worth the forty minute wait .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's open 24 hours a day and serves breakfast at all times , but eat here as a last resort . there are definitely better restaurants at this resort , but this is the cheapest ... for a reason . i had the eggs , bacon and hash browns that also came with something they were calling a biscuit ... but i have not yet received the sample back from the lab to verify this claim . the `` restaurant '' is overlooking the smoke filled casino which is better than staring at four walls i suppose ... they had a large menu selection , but i would be afraid to try much of it . eat here after you lose all of your money at the craps table and feel like punishing yourself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "ok , so let 's be real . when you look at this place , what you 'd expect is what you get . it 's very reasonably priced , and the specials are really cheap . but this is a classic example of you get what you pay for . the food is mostly barely a step above denny 's ( and sometimes below it ) , with frozen vegetables and canned packaged everything else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they advertise wings on the midnight special but they never have them . it is on purpose because it 's not a high profit item and the food cost will be high . if your going to advertise a special and plan to run out every night 3 minutes after it starts it could be considered bait and switch . i will make sure to mention it to hotel management . if they do n't want to honor an advertisement then they should take it down .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "was seated and just opened menu and literally 5 seconds before asked what was ordering . not even an `` are you ready ? '' or `` anything to drink ? '' once ordered , was brought out a carraff of coffee , but no mug . after 5 minutes of contemplating just drinking straight out of the carraff was finally given a mug . ordered a meat lovers skillet w over medium eggs . was served scrambled eggs . eggs were obviously liquid and not whole fresh as you get that weird texture and water film residue . also , this place does n't offer potatoes w item . no hash browns , homefries , or seasoned . nothing . just toast . i find that odd . also never saw waitress after food delivery . no refills , no check . paid cashier and got out . do n't bother going . not even if you 're staying there . go eat pre-frozen whatever from starbucks instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "suncoast is sooo empty lately . no one really seems to be coming here any more . their food restaurant options are blah and boring , most of their restaurants do n't even open during the daytime anymore ( only for dinner ) service throughout the place is fair at best . as far as the cafe , their menu is very simple and boring and a little over priced . however their lunch special for their asian food is surprisingly good , and good portions too ( only $ 6.99 ) you get a choice of egg drop soup or hot and sour ( i 've had both before and both are quite good ) an egg roll and i ordered the general chicken with fried rice ) we had also ordered a basket of onion rings and those are large and very yummy . their cafe would n't be my first choice of places to goto but it 's ok for lunch . it 's definitely better then their buffet . their buffet is horrible . i 'd much rather goto the orleans", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i think this 24 hour cafe is better than the one at red rock . the service is a little slow but at least they check in on you . i was beginning to think the food was just okay here until i tried their burger . i think it was called their san francisco burger . it 's served on cheesy sour dough bread . this time it was served with fries but i usually prefer their home made chips . it 's so good ! the other thing i like here is their tomato soup especially on a cold day .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is good and service is great ! all these terrible reviews must be from people who already lost their money ... you ca n't go wrong here . i recommend their waffles !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it may sound silly but i am a big fan of this cafe . locate in the rampart casino , we frequent the adjoining jw marriott resort quite often . the food here is great ! i am partial to their greek sald with chicken and the chef 's special , obviously handmade , vinaigrette . yum ! my husband says they have a great burger , homemade soups and the beef deep is delish ! ! ! sometimes we grab the late night prime rib after a fun evening in the casino . and breakfast is a steal here ! they servers are all great ! we love that they remember us and sometimes our names orders too ! when my local friends meet me here they too are amazed and the fresh quality and friendly service the cafe has to offer . give it a try ! ! : ) it deserves 5 stars for what it is , not because it is a 5 star restaurant .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "short and sweet review ... food is pretty good but service sucks here ! if anyone from rampart reads this please improve service in your cafe !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "typical food . nothing fancy . no frills . but nothing bland or horrible either . if you 're just looking for a place to eat , this will do .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered fried shrimp and the fish and chips . first off the shrimps were very tiny and the fish was burnt the server was awful . the only good thing were the drinks that 's because we brought our own drinks . do n't come here . you even have to flag down your freaking server and they need better cooks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i urge you to check your `` check '' before you pay ! we were charged for coffee twice and we never even ordered coffee , an automatic add ? ! ? ! ? after that adjustment was made there was never an apology or anything said ... . also the `` special '' $ 3.99 breakfast is only for adults over 21 years and you must have a players card ... never coming back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a mix mix mix of feelings ! great breakfast for the money , generous portion of egg whites and the pancakes are great . the waitresses need an attitude adjustment , the carpet a good cleaning and more smiles from the service staff ! you will get your moneys worth ! cheap food and cheap service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the 2.21 special you can not ask for a to go box . so you need to finish everything there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i normally love this place , but the staff has changed . the hostess was so rude . kept people waiting for days , even with empty tables . when i finally got seated , she put me right next to a table full of kids . when i asked for a different table , she rolled her eyes , and was a total smart ass . no people skills whatsoever . the service has become progressively worse . looks like i 'll need to find a new breakfast spot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you get what you pay for at this place . do n't count on any fresh food . in my party , it was easy to tell that most of the food came from cans or boxes ( including the mashed potatoes ) . meats and vegetables were overcooked and flavorless . the service was not much better . over the course of an hour dinner , our waiter changed 3 times due to breaks . the waiter of the minute never knew what anybody was drinking . i would only recommend this place if you are already at the rampart casino and you are dying of hunger .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my family has been here 3 different time . same customer service every time . they suck ! ! ! ! ! this last time i was giving it one last chance . it was for my mom 's birthday . to remind y'all this casino is n't on the strip so the customer service should be better . it was funny we asked for the manager and the manager tried to send the waitress to speak with us ... ... ah no i 'm sorry we asked for the manager not for the waitress that ignored us the whole time . we spoken to the manager on duty . did n't get her name but she was the older , skinny , burnett . she was no help at all . she said that she trained her staff to have fantastic customer service ... ... .. yeah right . i 'm not sorry to say this but that manager ca n't cut it as a cashier at mcdonald 's", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i enjoy going here . we use a restaruant.com certificate and we always have left overs . the food is decent and we enjoy the prime rib dinner the most . i personally dont like the parking because it soooo far from the entrance . the service is sub par and they ignore us majority of the time . but i cant complain because we are getting a good deal with the food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "clean , nice decor , comfortable seating , reasonable priced , good home style cooking , no complaints from this yelper , i do like home style cooking with quality and you 'll get that here . do think their average overall rating should be at least 3 , i really see no reason to ding them on anything . went for breakfast only .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "taste like overly salty hospital food ... ... but the servers were really nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "slowest service in the west , useless management , and only adequate food pervade this little promenade . i 've given this place a try 3 times . each time i went in with mild expectations and came out disappointed . just because they have cheap food , it does n't justify mediocre service . i think the service quality is inverted . the manager should lead a team in customer service . so far , it 's been the bus boys who have been the most helpful then , the capable servers were reasonably kind , and the managers were simply ignorant and oblivious to non-regulars . the surf and turf special is $ 9.99 and not on the menu . the early riser specials are $ 3.99 . but do n't expect much from them , tough steak , small rubbery lobster tail , and over-cooked bacon . good luck with this one .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service was mediocre and the waitress brought bacon instead of sausage , but the worst was the biscuits that tasted like they 'd been freezer burned . what kind of restaurant puts biscuits in the freezer until they get that nasty ? maybe they thought the gravy would mask the flavor . in any event , this is a poor restaurant . wish i had n't chosen it for father 's day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in after a wedding with 4 other exhausted friends . after over 30 minutes , we 're all served profoundly undercooked chicken ( blood pools in the middle of all pieces ) . the server apologized and took our new order . we left a half hour later after not being served . the server never returned . there were only two other patrons .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not sure if this is the norm here , but molly was super slow and did n't bring out what she was supposed to . drink glasses sat empty . other people sitting in different sections who came in 10 minutes after us , we 're waited on before us . so think we just got a bad waitress . not a good first experience .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used to enjoy eating here-decent food for the price and a friendly , mature staff , even though we are somewhat younger than their typical clientele . for the most part , food quality is down ( dry prime rib and not cooked as requested ) and service is really down : unfriendly waitress and cashier , no beverage refills until the meal was finished , no checking in with us , no `` how was everything today '' at the end ( and the food and beverage manager was at the cashier station ) . therefore , no need for us to return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the heart of vegas , truly a locals cafe and casino , servers are friendly and caring . they make you feel at home $ 2.99 graveyard specials are amazing and can not be beat . they also serve some awesome dinning specials , why pay over priced strip prices for food when you can fill up for less with homestyle meals . you owe yourself a visit to rampart casino and the promenade cafe", "score": "5"}
{"review": "2 pm wed , the place is not too crowded for lunch . the cigarette smoke blows in from the casino so finding a seat that has fresh air is zilch . i ordered the steak lobster , rare , you can not substitute mashed potatoes . the beef was a prime rib and was decent ! the lobster tail was good . total $ 10.80 + tip . so i go there again today , thurs . the steak is thick cut sirloin , unbelievably rubbery , and ask for a thin piece like the one i got yesterday . she brought back another 1 2 '' thick piece , still rubbery . the lobster tail was smaller than yesterday 's . i got lucky on wednesday , it was much better . this place is a hit or miss .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "awful service . awful food . wow . avoid at all costs . the reuben made me question my love for reubens and my company said the cheese tasted like plastic .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food ok , service horrible come here about every other month . food and service was always adequate by the standard of an average coffee shop in las vegas . our visit on 4-27-14 could be our last . food is still ok , other than the fact their cook ( definitely not qualify as a chef ) , did not know ( or not care ) about what customers requested . four of us all ordered prime ribs - one medium well , one medium , and two medium rare . it came out all the same - rare . before we had a chance to have one of them to be cooked a little bit more ( not difficult - just put it in the au jus for a little while ) , our waitress already disappeared ( she gave us our check when the main course arrived ) and never suraced again . so service was horrible . even the hostess did not ask how was everything ( afraid to ? ) . it is a shame this cafe shop is associated with the marriott resort in summerlin .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always excellent food ! 24 hour breakfast and soups , burgers , sandwiches ! what more can you want ? when in the area i highly recommend . tonight we ordered the omelet and chicken and waffles . very tasty . good service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical cafeteria style restaurant in a smokey casino . food was mediocre , slow service and staff was n't very friendly .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's your basic diner type place located smack dab in the middle of a casino in vegas . not unique or special but decent enough . the staff was friendly and prompt in service . the food was plentiful . the decor was dated and the noise from the casino was a bit more intrusive than i would like , but all in all , not too bad though they burnt my husband 's bacon to high heaven . why they thought that would be ok to serve is beyond me , but to each his own .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went here for s quick breakfast before lounging at the pool . whomever it is making the omelette is doing a fine job . my tomato , spinach and cheese omelette was cooked perfectly . i ordered link sausage & my husband the patty sausages , go with the patty . service was quick & attentive enough . i 'll likely be back tomorrow .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the service here is usually slow ( especially with the elderly waitresses ) but tonight was the worst . we sat down and was sitting there for literally 10 minutes before the waitress came and told us `` i 'll be right with you '' . 20 minutes past and we still do n't have drinks ? we left to go eat at the buffet . that waitress is a nice lady as we 've been served by her before ... . but 20 minutes is ridiculous . hire more staff or lose your customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really enjoy the food here . i have been here about 10 times over the past 18 months . every time i go i order something different off of the menu . the one thing that never changes is the slooooww service . i often feel ignored by some of the waitresses . i like the food so i will be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "surprisingly good . i did n't used to go to rampart because it was so smoky , but they must 've fixed something , because it 's not as bad as it was . that 's a good thing , because the promenade cafe is open to the casino , although they do use a non-smoking area as a buffer zone . even if you 're the only ones waiting , it usually takes a few minutes to get seated . the service can be hit and miss . but the menu has a wide variety , and the portions are substantial . the salads are good , not just a few handfuls of lettuce from a bag . the omelets are good . the burgers are good . the chicken pot pie is good . the sandwiches are good . you get the point ... this is n't a place where you 're stuck with just one thing that you like on the menu . this has replaced the suncoast cafe for us since they 've gone downhill , and we 're not missing it at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i went for the $ 9.99 steak and lobster special as advertised on tv commercials ( as well as the chicken fettuccine alfredo for $ 9.99 ) . steak and lobster were minature size and poor quality steak which was a tough strip ( i think ) , but shown on tv as a filet mignon , very deceiving ! ! the pasta dinner was `` ok '' and the dessert was included . i chose the cheesecake . when the server brought it to our table i jokingly said , `` did it shrink '' ? it was the smallest piece i have ever seen served at any restaurant . service was slow , server was n't very pleasant and food was poor . as another person wrote , `` you get what you pay for '' . we 're locals and this will be our first and last visit and no , we did n't lose any money as a previous reviewer wrote .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great service from the minute you walk in the door . it is a family business . the food was good . my dad had the special which was ravioli , he said it was great , i had the chicken parm . it was good , i prefer gina 's chicken parm . bf had the clams and the mussells he said both were very good . did not have room for desert . next time for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i finally need to review vinny 's since my husband and i have now been there 5 times . it has now become our weekly `` carbo loading '' night out before our weekend early morning marathon training runs . my husband has tried something new every visit . he loves the hot sauce on the side . some of the dishes he has had are baked ziti , eggplant parm , cheese ravioli , spaghetti with calamari , and chicken parm with spaghetti and hot sauce on the side . i have only had the spaghetti and meat sauce every time , but it is amazing ! i ca n't even eat the entire plate , but at least i have leftovers . we have also had the caesar salad , side salad and caprese salad . all were very good . the bread is always hot and delicious . we tried the cheesecake and canoli once ... .they were just o.k . the service is superior ! the hostess owner ( ? ) knows us now and is always so friendly and welcoming . we will keep going back ! great meal for a great price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "incredible . we started with the musells with a medium sauce , spicy . the entrees were excellent , good service with a good atmosphere . i have not had food like this since i left new jersey .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bright , clean , neat grocery store . ahhhh longos - one of the higher end grocery store chains in ontario , but not as high end as whole foods . there is always enough parking here . walking in , you hit the cooked items including starbucks way on the left side , rotisseries in the dead center , an area for plants and flowers closer to the middle left and fresh vegetables on your right . the meat section is oh so delicious - fresh , sliced to perfection and super clean . the bakery houses the more expensive breads including ace and longos brands such as chocolate drizzled croissants . once in a while , you will run into sales , such as janes chicken nuggets , however , in general , it is more expensive that your other grocery stores .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a solid grocery store in east markham . there 's a starbucks , a great selection of prepared foods and helpful staff . we buy many of our our staples at costco and specialty stuff at whole foods , but for anything in between , this meets most of our needs . there 's lots of parking and it 's not busy on week nights , so it 's always an easy experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this longo 's store . i like the ready-made foods that i can pick up , such as empanadas and grilled chicken . there are also lactose-free items , such as yogurt , that help me out . it 's a pretty good place to shop if you need gluten-free foods . the price for some items can run steep . it 's the tradeoff between quality , fresh food and processed food from other supermarkets . staff is always friendly when i 'm there . i also find it convenient that there 's a starbucks in the store , across the parking lot from a true starbucks cafe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . it 's not the cheapest , but the quality ca n't be beat . the vegetables have a much longer shelf life than anything i 've bought at no frills or food basics . also the variety of products they offer is unparalleled in the area . they stock , poblano peppers , red chilli peppers , heirloom tomatoes , vg farms angus meat , kosher hotdogs , a bakery , etc . their seafood section is the best part of the store , they have really fresh whole red snappers , chilean sea bass by the pound , diver scallops , and just about anything you can think of . the only place i could say they can improve on is their deli counter , seems a bit limited compared to the rest of the store . that 's a minor issue which is easily overlooked by how clean and functional the store is . you 'll never see a shopping cart sitting in the middle of the parking lot or other annoying issues that plague other stores . little things like that make shopping here worth the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they carry same selections and products as other longos location . but i prefer this location as store is very spacious , you can ways find parking even on weekends . theres a starbucks inside as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a love-hate thing when it comes to longos . on one hand , it does offer decent options and their available cooked food options are okay . on the other , everything is overpriced . however , if i need a quick lunch , i will hop by because they have these awesome meal options that can be 6-10 dollars and include entree ( pretty big pieces of meat ) and a few sides . the boneless prime rib here is my to-go choice . they also have sandwiches ; i 've had the pulled beef and it 's a stingy amount of meat and processed cheese for 7.00 considering the location and quality . their porchetta sandwich is never available and i 've been scrounging other locations to try it . pizza is oven fired , nothing amazing but okay . salad bar is pricey and personally not worth it . they have some cool european condiments and products so check that out . other than that , it 's a standard `` upscale '' supermarket .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i enjoy visiting this location as it is n't as busy as the one on hwy 7 woodbine and there 's plenty of parking ! the store itself is clean and the staff are nice and are willing to help . this time around , i got some cannoli , which were tasty as always as well as the vegetable chips ( 2 for $ 6 ) , which were perfectly crisp ! i also got the krino 's spinach pie , but due to no labels , i ended up with the cheese one instead .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "excellent , excellent business . few places give me so much pleasure in parting with my money in exchange for goods and services . their prices are very fair , their service impeccable , and their extensive array of high quality products has me constantly exploring new foods , never worrying about disappointment . they have sections for dried meats , sweet treats , fresh bakery items , wines , hot meals , sushi , specialty coffee - they have something for everybody !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "longo 's is the best i really like it ! ! ! i used to go here for fresh croissants almost every weekend . the croissants tasted amazingly great ! quality is excellent . customer service is good , too . overall , ( in my opinion ) i 'd rate the store 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fruit piles are neat and well stocked as are most of the shelves . the prepped foods area is nice although not as extensive as whole foods . a good selection of meats and seafood especially if you 're looking to go beyond the `` aa or better '' ( really , it 's `` aa '' ! ) grade normally offered at food basics or no frills . the cost of the above is the cost of the above . as others have mentioned , pricier than other establishments . ample parking . i guess this would be canada 's whole foods equivalent ... but without the asparagus water .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is pretty on top of things , i really like it . they have fresh fruits , vegetables , meats and fish , although i do n't eat meat , they seem to keep all their food restocked . it 's tidy , neat , and clean which is very important . they have foods which are gluten free , and some vegetarian and vegan options . i found that pretty impressive : ) it can be a bit pricy , i 've seen some stores sell the same products for a couple dollars less , but the quality at longos is great . the people working there are helpful , and straight forward , the cashiers can be a bit slow sometimes , but a few of them are funny , not sure why that matters but it makes the shopping experience better .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly staff , fresh produce and the best salad bar in this area . when i moved in the area , this was our home ! thank you for taking such good care of your patrons !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here for the first time today and it looks really nice . the produce section makes you feel like you should buy everything . everything seems more fresh and well lit . i like it more than the a lot of places in the us . anyway , the prices were pretty good . i hear it 's a bit expensive , but i do n't shop here regularly at all . lots of parking , lots of staff , and lots of products . did n't see many empty shelf spaces . good luck longos .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place is nice and quaint with friendly staff . my hubby had a taste for something sweet , so we decided to stop here . we purchased some mini doughnuts and omg , can you say delicious ! ! ! we ended up turning around and buying more for the rest of our family to eat . if we get a chance to come back tomorrow we will do so . recommended ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the owner is awesome . this is the reason why we came to the indoor swap meet . the mini donuts are made fresh in front of us", "score": "5"}
{"review": "donuts and hummus the breakfast of champions . always a smile and delicious food . when at fantastic indoor swapmeet we always stop here . kids love it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "owner was so nice ! donuts were made fresh to order ! you can choose from cinnamon sugar or powder sugar topping ! a must try !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg best donuts ever ! i literally went to the stand , planned to order 6 and ended up ordering 12 , to stop by again before i left for another 6 . lol . absolutely amazing ! ! ! almost tasted like mini funnel cakes - warm , plus soft and crunchy at same time . drooling . will be a stop every weekend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , amazing service . love this hard working couple . always service with a smile .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well , i came here to get these mini doughnuts and omg ! ! ! please come and try them i ordered some and some for my family and i was walking around shopping and realized i needed to get more cz i ate half of the order ! lol wow and farid is so friendly and his wife ! ! they are wonderful people ! great customer service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. malik has been the primary eye doctor that my family and i go to and he has been for quite a number of years now . this location is a ( well-deserved ) new location in downtown summerlin . i definitely and whole-heartedly recommend looking into this place and dr. malik if you are looking for a new doctor for your eye needs , as he is extremely knowledgeable in his field . you can tell off the bat that he is a very genuine person and cares about his patients . trust me , you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. malik has been my eye doctor since i moved to lv ( 5 years ) and i am so happy to have him and his staff in my corner when it comes to my eye sight . i make a yearly check up appointment and the staff has always been friendly , helpful , and very professional . the new location in summerlin is hip and cool with its decor , lighting , background music , eye glass displays , and art work . as far as the actual exam , the technology is modern and up to date . the technicians are patient and knowledgeable which is helpful when you are going through the exam process . dr. malik is quirky and has a great sense of humor . i never feel rushed while with him . he lets me know how my eyes are doing currently compared to the previous year and what he predicts for my vision in the future . he asks numerous questions to get a thorough glimpse into my current eye health concerns and needs . i would highly recommend eyes & optics .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "an outstanding facility . the staff and the ladies at the front desk made my visit so enjoyable , they 're funny and helped me with everything i needed . dr. malik was one of the best optometrists i 've ever been with . hands down the best eye doctor experience i 've had .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. malik is awesome ! great office , fabulous employees & competitive prices . located in downtown summerlin near trader joe 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr.malik has been my kids & i eye doctor for many years . he is the best ! knowledgeable & patient . he really cares about his patients and getting them to see the best that they can and the health of there eyes . chris one of his lady techs is friendly & sweet & caring & patient ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "top notch from start to finish . no waiting ; very important with my workload . and the selection available makes you feel like a movie star without all the paparazzi . they know what they are doing . so glad to have an informed and knowledgeable doctor . the it place to go next time you need an eye exam and new glasses . all in downtown summerlin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent place , modern , clean and very friendly staff . dr.malik is so thorough and spends good quality time doing eye exam and going over details . these days it is hard to find an optometrist who spends this much time with each patient . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. malik is focused on what is happening to each individual 's patient eyesight and how best to improve it . he is an innovator in the optometry field and thinks outside of the box . i have been to others who were simply going through the motions . i have very poor eyesight and he has made a difference in my quality of life . his staff is always friendly and helpful . also , his new location is super convenient to the west side of town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to try this place out since i was unhappy with my previous optometrist and was so happy i did . the store is beautiful and the staff there is beyond friendly . dr. malik is very nice , informative and thorough . no one pressured me into buying anything like they did at other places i 've been to . i bought exaclty what i wanted and nothing more . i was so happy with this place i had my husband go to them as well . i will definitely return here and will refer them to everyone i know .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing staff , great optometrist ! my mom was the one who recommended eyes & optics to me when i first moved to las vegas . dr. malik knows his stuff and did a great job on my glasses and contact prescriptions . i will continue to use this place as long as i 'm in the las vegas area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from dr. malik , to each and every delightful person working there , to the entire vibe , to the music , to the fantastic wall hangings , i enjoy going here very much and find i miss doing so in between visits . i admire dr. malik 's passion for his profession , and that the staff is so helpful and like family . there are 5 of us that descend upon eyes & optics at a time , and all but 1 of us wears glasses . you can imagine the time required to service us , and not only do they not lose patience with 4 females searching for the right frames , but they share opinions and know us well enough to make suggestions ! that is just customer service par excellence ! and if you need to wear frames , you have trendy , chic choices ... dr. malik makes sure to offer the very best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was here today , and saw the eye dr . he was fantastic ! ! ! the best dr . i have ever seen , i left with contacts and i could see ! ! ! and read with them , i ordered new glasses too ! everyone there was so nice , he has the best selection of glasses to choose from , i will always come here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. malik and his staff are awesome ! a great selection of classic as well as contemporary frames to suit any personality ! the new office at downtownsummerlin is convenient to get to and has a great vibe ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is long overdue ! dr malik has been my eye dr for well over 20 years . not only is he an awesome experienced fabulous dr , he 's also super knowledgeable of his work , stays abreast of new treatments available , and always researching how to improve and makes it happen . his exams are very thorough . highly recommend dr malik for your eyecare needs . check out the new office and store . wow , love it ! the selection of unique frames and genres is awesome and it is rad that dr malik supports new indie frame designers . and for the cost conscious , there are cool options available for all ages . celebrate the new year with some new stylized peeps from eyes and optics . if you need help selecting a frame , ask for valentino 's assistance . he 's awesome too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great doctor . i have been going to him for years and he does a great job . the staff is friendly and the selection is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been going to eyes & optics for over ten years- great selection and the staff and dr are very down two earth and cool", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going to dr. malik for about 8 years . i was originally a patient at their sahara and rainbow location , which was far away from my house . their move to downtown summerlin meant they 're even farther from my house , but i maintain my loyalty because i do n't trust anyone else with my eyes ! dr. malik is great at what he does . he detected a slight abnormality in my eye that other eye doctors never pointed out . i also never feel like he 's pushing me to purchase unnecessary costly items or exams . he makes recommendations because he cares . the staff is wonderful , and i know a few staff members from his old location moved to downtown summerlin with him . sarah , for example , is a great asset . she is just as caring and helpful as dr. malik . whenever someone asks me who my optometrist is , i always refer them to dr. malik .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little place right up against the cleveland clinic campus . stopped in for a quick bit and some coffee . stop in and say hello if your ever close by .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had stayed in the hotel due to close access to the clinic . ate in the moce out of need . food is overcooked . day 1 had a garden salad with grilled salmon . salad was $ 7.00 , the dry overcooked 2 '' piece of salmon was $ 6.95 . the service is slow and over priced . they serve free coffee from a beverage bar that is so bad i watched two people besides myself throw it away after one taste . we ordered a 12 '' pizza the next night called the cleveland . burned dough , over done , sausage crispy cheese dry and solid . we paid $ 15.95 for this dandy ! ! ! go to burger king across the street . the moce is over priced , over cooked and not that tasty . learned my lesson .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "three and a half stars . written as a guest of the hotel . you would come eat here if you had options , but for a convenient meal in the hotel it 's fine . stick to the pizza if you 're getting dinner . the white pizza with prosciutto was good and i liked their crust . overall , not bad for hotel food . clean , bright atmosphere . $ 5 beers . the breakfast buffet is included with your room and pretty decent . i do n't understand why people are complaining about the dry salmon , etc . of course a hotel restaurant is n't going to serve amazing fish , order something harder to screw up and you will be fine . nice staff and service . no complaints as long as you know what you 're getting - hotel food .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "convenient , fresh and delicious food for a hotel restaurant in ohio . i ordered the veggie pizza with added chicken and was not disappointed . the pizza came right out of the oven , the ingredients were fresh and the portion was very generous ( 12 inch for $ 13 . 00 ) . i would definitely recommend this great little restaurant to anyone staying at the hotel who wants quick , delicious and fresh pizza . the service was also prompt , efficient and courteous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere . but the food ... is just ok. mostly like a cafeteria . if you are at the clinic . it 's an ok option . coffee is good . staff is nice.. but not very attentive .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i needed a ride from scottsdale to the phx airport tonight , and randomly tried ridesmart . lucky for me , benny ( the owner ) answered the phone and was able to come pick me up in a comfy white town car within 10 minutes . benny got me to the airport quickly , safely and for $ 35 ( same price i paid for a much less clean or pleasant cab this morning ) . benny also mentioned that he works with a couple other cars and drivers , so i ca n't speak to those . but i 'd definitely try him again on a next trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "like geoff i needed a ride from phx to scottsdale . i did n't get benny , but another ridesmart affiliated driver . he showed up on time and his car was clean and comfortable . the driver 's command of english was fairly rudimentary , but he was able to get by ok and got me to my destination smoothly . i was able to prepay for the ride , but had to use cash for gratuity .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've used plenty of car services all over the country and ridesmart is the best . courteous , timely , nice vehicles , at a great price . wo n't use anyone else in the phoenix area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great company . my husband and i always call benny ( the owner ) when we go to the airport . he is always on time , friendly and courteous . debbie h", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time using car services . i called for airport pick-up from phx airport and i have to say i had a very pleasant experience with ride smart . they were extremely professional and called the night before to confirm the reservation and again , right before take off . mike was my driver and he was extremely professional and was right on time . i was picked up at the diamond curb at the airport in a white towncar lincoln sedan . nice car and pleasant ride . flat rate and actually cheaper than a taxi ride ! ! ! for two years i 've been taking a taxi and always hated it . from now on , i 'm calling ride smart for their transportation and services to and from phx airport . i highly recommend calling ridesmart over taxi .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "benny is great -- - i fly into scottsdale all the time and he always picks me up from the airport and take me to the airport -- -- late night early morning -- -- $ 35 flat from old town scottsdale to phx -- -- clean lincoln town car too -- - wo n't use anyone else when i 'm in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dependable . excellent and friendly service . we booked ridesmart the day before thanksgiving . it was our first time using ridesmart , but our driver , denisa , arrived early and was extremely professional and friendly . the price was more reasonable than booking a shuttle for two people . we definitely intend to book ridesmart for our next trip to the airport .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought the living social deal and made my reservation online . i did n't receive a confirmation so i called . benny answered and was awesome . i had left a number off my email and my phone so he had no way to contact me . my fault ! ! ha he promptly picked us up and got us dropped off way ahead of time . i ca n't wait to use him for my return back to phoenix ... .thanks benny", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm sorry to say i can not give this firm a positive review . i made a reservation a month and a half ago for this coming monday night . i was sent an email confirmation . when i called today to confirm , they had no record of my reservation . while they were happy to accept my business , they would not honor our written contractual price . very disappointing and unfortunate as i was trying to transport about 20 executives to dinner in an easy and seamless way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have used ridesmart since 2009 . benny , the owner , is excellent . i used to travel every single week and he was always early and waiting for me . i could book online or call him and did not have any issues at all . clean car , good price , good service ! only a couple of times did i have a problem with the website , but i could just call to confirm and received great service . i still travel quite a bit ( though not every week now ) and i would not use any other service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of our only cajun restaurants but at least it 's a good one , and out in a section on ndg that keeps getting cuter . this place has been earning their reputation for over 20 years , not clich\u00e9d decor , just a nice , candlelit restaurant with buzz , good gumbo , and some awesome `` dinosaur '' beef ribs .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the crab cakes , although not baltimore blue crab , were delicious . i did n't get that `` eating sawdust '' feeling that i usually get when noshing on inferior crab cakes from , say , such seafaring states like vermont or nevada . i followed those up with a plate of dinosaur ribs that too were perfectly cooked and fall off the bone tender but , can i tell you ; i 'm pretty sure that those were beef ribs despite our server 's insistence that it was t-rex that was on the menu . try their sazerac though ; it 's epic - i kid you not !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "for all the variety of foods that montreal 's restaurant scene offers , i find that some of the regional cuisines of the united states are clearly absent or have next to no representation up here . thanks to la louisiane at least cajun food has a presence here , my guess is that it 's due to the french connection quebec and louisiana both have , but even then it 's always nice to see . this place has been around forever and always seems busy . even then , i 've come here quite a few times over the years and have never walked away disappointed with anything i had . gumbo , jambalaya , fried alligator , bread pudding with jack daniels sauce , they 've got them all here . service can be brisk and erratic at times but the folks are always friendly and the outdoor dining in the summertime is always pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has a super romantic feel , candlelight with cozy tables . its kept low and has big windows that look to the street , or you can sit out in the pretty terrase . the servers were extremely friendly , fast and polite . sadly the food failed to impress me . this was my first time trying creole cajun food and i guess i am not too big of a fan of this type , so can not say anything about the authenticity either . however the place is right for nice romantic environment .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been here sooo many times , and am never let down ! nice little resto , with a small terrace in the summer . the little spiced cornbreads they bring with your bread basket are to die for , as are their sweet potatoe fries ( totally worth the $ 2 surcharge to upgrade from regular fries - to be dipped in spicy mayo ) . blackened fish of the day ( last time it was rainbow trout ) and dinosaur beef ribs are my 2 favourites on the menu . they have regularly chaging specials which are always worth a try as well . the only negative is that service is very variable . if you do n't take an appetizer , then you 'll have a wait for your main meal . and waiters tend to leave you alone for long stretches , but are never too far to be flagged down if need be . the open kitchen adds a nice atmosphere and delicious smells permeate the room !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mixed . the food is unpredictable . sometimes it 's been good , other times oily . tonight , not so good . mostly to do with the service . the house wine was absolutely inferior , like two-buck chuck , told the waiter , but he did n't care much . my companion 's dish was a $ 24 linguini mussel dish , where we literally counted 2 mussels . told the waiter , he checked with the chef who said he put in 6 ... uh , we would have seen six mussels . being from los angeles , i 'm used to servers caring about what the customer says or feels . this server could n't be bothered , i felt like we were just nuisances - not sure i 'd it 's because of the coupon or just his style .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a great little restaurant ! a must try ! i 've been to a few restaurants in montreal and i mean it when i say this place has delicious food and great service ! try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used to be a regular , unfortunately the quality of the food has exponentially decreased in the past year or so ... while the prices keep going up ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "visited here on a recent trip to montreal . ambiance was fun and welcoming . great indoor seating in front of large open windows looking out on to peaceful montreal street . great servers . very friendly and informative . we found out the history of the restaurant and heard a bit about the current owners ' effort to turn it into the stylish establishment it now is . we ordered from the specials menu which offered tasty dishes like roasted pork loin with asparagus and fennel and pan seared halibut with bacon . wine list offered affordable quality options . to top it off they were playing 70 's disco all night which was awesome . all in all a very enjoyable experience . we will return on our next visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yum ! we ordered the sweet potato fries and onion rings which both came with cajun mayo and was delicious . the onion rings are very lightly battered and fried . i ordered fedelinni santa fe with shrimp instead of chicken . it was spicy ! sweet with a kick to it . the owner was kind enough to give me some cream 's to put in it to reduce the heat a little . my sister had the shrimp creole which was good . our friend had the ribs , i did n't try any but it looked like the meat was falling off the bone . for dessert we had bread pudding and the bananas foster . the bread pudding was so decadent , drenched in a whiskey sauce with a buttery soft texture and a crispy sugary top .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here again . they gained a star ! why ? well for one the service was better , and secondly they offered me blair 's ultra death sauce when i wanted things spicier . you won my heart with the ridiculous spicy sauce high five", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love a good cajun meal and this is the place . friendly service , casual neighbourhood eatery at very reasonable prices ! i could drink their cajun sauce & do n't even get me started on the desserts ! yum , yum , yum , yum yum", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a favourite for some years now . la louisiane 's quality of food and the professionalism of the young staff makes this restaurant a 5 star experience in our opinion . we frequently make the la louisiane our `` special occasion '' outing and recommend it to all of our friends who may be visiting the city . i 've tried many of the dishes on the menu and have always found the dishes to be correctly spiced according to the recipes . cajun food is not for the meat and potatoes crowd . my personal favourite is blackened catfish , while another friend is a big fan of the dino ribs . the decor and the general ambiance is outstanding . the staff always seems to manage to make us feel as if we are `` home . ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bit pricy , but worth it in my opinion . helpful service , nicely prepared food and an attractive dining area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice sitting outside on the terrace on saturday night , advised to arrive around 9pm to have a table for 3 , since they did n't take reservations . the 9 $ mint julip was over loaded with ice and the portions were not large , one of my friends from usa said he 'd been there a few times over the years they 've been operating . lots of choice in montreal so next time i 'll try another resto on sherbrooke street instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very comfortable place on sherbrooke in ndg . always busy , always manages to find really great staff . our last visit was very much like all of the others - consistently good . we started with some fun cocktails ( bourbon peach cobbler and a sazarac cocktail ) , had alligator for the appetizer then had our mains ( cajun shrimp and crab cakes ) . everything we got tasted pretty terrific . the rice was a teensy bit dryer than it should have been but it 's really no big deal - the shrimp more than made up for it . if you have n't gone , you should really try it . fun experience , great looking restaurant , you 'll enjoy your whole evening .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the outside is very discreet in a quieter section of ndg , but inside the restaurant is bustling with action , lots of tables crammed into an intimately room with the kitchen at the centre . started with fried clams and hush puppies to start and had the dinosaur ribs as a main . i must say everything was quiteee spicy for my tolerance but very good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our waiter was in such a hurry that she did n't take drink orders and when our food was brought out immediately and unexpectedly fast we had to ask if she would take a drink order . her response was , `` you should have told me you wanted drinks . '' ? ? ? ? ? although menu is extensive it is not authentic cajun . and i know cajun ! blackened arctic char was a plain saut\u00e9ed filet swimming in a dark sauce that tasted canned . pei oysters were a good choice but had to ask for spice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went on a tuesday . service was excellent & we were served with a smile . my boyfriend had the gumbo as an appetizer but it was horrible , and lacking a flavour . but the shrimps in it were excellent . we enjoyed our main courses which were jambalaya and the shrimp pasta . the shrimps were the best part , but as much as we liked those , we would n't come back . it was average in our books .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very cozy restaurant directly on sherbrooke . offers outdoor seating in the summer time . this is a rare cajun style restaurant in the area that offers some great dishes and great drinks as well as friendly staff and reasonable pricing . my favourite item on the menu is the dinosaur ribs , huge , tender delicious ribs that will keep you wanting more ! they also have some great chicken and shrimp dishes as well . another favourite item of mine is the chocolate and pecan pie with ice cream , which we usually end up sharing because we 're so stuffed from dinner but yet still ca n't resist the call of that pie !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm originally from the southern us and generally love cajun food , so i was a little hesitant to have cajun this far north . i was not disappointed . i like the atmosphere and loved the food . the shrimp creole was delicious and the bread pudding was awesome . i will definitely be coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "la lousisiane is a favorite local ndg resto . i recommend you try the baked mussels appetizer and shrimp magnolia for main dish ; ca n't go wrong . well priced and welcoming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly and helpful wait staff . good selection on the menu , kicked our cajun experience off with yummy hushpuppies- tasted just like they make \u00e8m in memphis : ) enjoyed a delicious grilled shrimp pasta . wine list was extensive and yet still affordable . overall lovely experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a great time here . if you are not a fan of spicy food this is not the place for you . i would say that we enjoyed the appetizers more than the entrees . the ambience was great as well as the service . i would recommend the cocktails !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great price , but do n't expect it quick or on time . we got bunk beds that are great , but they arrived a week after they were promised .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was worried to purchase from this store due to bad reviews . however , i decided to buy my gray sectional . because price was great and i love the color . manager davis was able to accommodate my needs and delivery was prompt . i have been using the product few weeks . i can not complain at all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i went in there ready to buy an entire bedroom set ( including mattress ) & a new couch . as soon as we walked in there for 3 staff members sitting behind a desk , talking amongst themselves & another staff member was walking back onto the showroom floor , we had to walk past all of them & not one greeted us nor looked in our direction . there was only 1 other customer in the store so it was not as though they were busy helping anyone else . the showroom floor is less then impressive , after looking around & finding nothing at all we decided to leave , it was n't until we were walking out that someone wanted to ask if we needed help with anything ! this place is a joke !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the custumer service ! ! great selection ! we came in , manny greeted us . we expressed that we are working with julie . he was extremely nice and welcoming . helped us look while we waited for julie . julie arrived and was very helpful , she guided me in the right direction . i 'm happy with my choices , and will come back for future purchases .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop for all your firearm needs ! they also do amazing gun smithing work ! i saw some of their built ak and their work can compete with rifle dynamics . any gun or gun smithing i need , i will go to them and would recommend you do too", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome personalized family service ! they build a custom ar15 for my husband which is hard to find on the market . my husband knew quite a bit about guns and i knew nothing . i was about to get my ccw . he found this place and sent me over to buy a handgun . they spent as much time as i needed explaining everything about handguns and which would be perfect for me ! they helped me find the right sized pistol for me and based around my safety needs ( semi automatic vs revolver , different safety options , and thoroughly explained the different features of multiple pistols . ) they helped me find a perfect safe to store the guns in as well . very friendly and informative and have all the accessories as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience with some gunsmithing needs . i had to have a gas port opened up on one of my ar pistol builds . i dropped my firearm off in the morning and it was done a few hours later ( complete with function testing and detailed troubleshooting . ) i will use this place for all of my gunsmithing needs from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "attentive staff made us comfortable in french and english right off the bat as we eased into this soothing cool grey room sunk below street level in montreal 's small chinatown . we were heading to dinner but hungry already and so ordered dumplings and broccoli to share , which we saw delivered by a gent from the restaurant upstairs . very tasty . you can obviously get this food cheaper in the area , but it 's a great idea to work with a neighbour to provide eating options to balance out the stiff cocktails and keep you hiding out happy here for longer . there are some serious cocktails here , and some seriously playful ones , and either way they are hard like one would hope for after a work day or a day spent walking around in old montreal . there are also delicious virgin sodas here which is a thoughtful option for dds or pregnant ladies or friends just off the sauce . the specialty cocktails are huge and fun and the room is chill and quiet lovely . definitely a nice addition to downtown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to le mal necessaire last saturday evening for an outing with friends . as soon as i entered the bar , i felt a laid back atmosphere . practically any seat , aside from the bar , will give you a panoramic view of the place . you feel as though you are having a drink at a friend 's loft . but you can rest assured , an intimate experience is on the menu . the most enjoyable , of course , are the drinks . i ordered the chia fresca and it was love at first sip . it was amazingly refreshing . the mix of coconut water , cucumber , and gin brought me to heaven . thankfully , you can order a pitcher of this amazingness . since the bar has recently opened , i expect more people to learn about this gem on the outskirts of chinatown . therefore , if you are like me , and enjoy a relatively small crowd , i suggest you go soon . cheers !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ce petit bar cach\u00e9 dans un sous-sol sur saint-laurent propose une tr\u00e8s longue liste de cocktails tous meilleurs les uns que les autres ( ils en ont m\u00eame dans de vrais ananas ! ) . l'endroit est tr\u00e8s joli et est parfait pour les 5 \u00e0 7 et les sorties entre amis . c'est assez petit , mais si on arrive t\u00f4t , c'est tout \u00e0 fait possible de se trouver une place assise quelque part , que ce soit sur leurs grandes banquettes ou au bar . le service est hyper rapide et les employ\u00e9s sont vraiment sympathiques . vous ne savez pas quoi choisir ? demandez-leur des conseils et ils vous r\u00e9pondront avec plaisir ! c\u00f4t\u00e9 prix , c'est tout \u00e0 fait abordable , surtout pendant le 5 \u00e0 7 . c'est aussi possible de grignoter : dumplings , poulet g\u00e9n\u00e9ral tao , etc . ( en plus , c'est d\u00e9licieux ) . une valeur s\u00fbre ! seul b\u00e9mol : la musique est parfois tr\u00e8s forte et on ne s'entend carr\u00e9ment pas parler .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super brooklyn ( nyc ) vibe . not a mixologist place , but a fun bar with nicely-presented drinks . ( no plastic cup , no fake cherries , no cranberry vodka ) a full bar that wraps around on the left , and a continuous bench that wraps around the right with short tables . dj & a tiny tiny dance floor . crowd is young 20-30 , and got crowded around midnight . i really enjoyed it here , nicely designed and felt clean organized . staff is friendly ( bilingual ) , great place to start off the night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "monica 's bucket list : drink wonderful liquids out of a pineapple coconut ... check ! + + + best cocktails . sweet staff . nice decor . pineapples . neon doorway makes for great location to execute selfies iphone photoshoots with friends . you know i 'm coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful place where drinks are served in pineapples and everything is magical ! perfectly located between the old port and plateau , head downstairs and you 'll find yourself in one of the neighbourhood 's best new bars . awesome atmosphere with a huge selection of drinks , it 's definitely worth popping in for a drink or ten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here on a wednesday evening on the reccomendation of a friend . i 've heard there are crazy lineups on the weekends . there was no line but there were a few groups nestled among the various seating areas inside the bar . the interior is super cozy and dimly lit . i loved the ambiance of the place . it 's somewhere you could go for some nice conversation without an overpowering techno beat playing in the background . the drinks were on the pricier side . they serve drinks in fruit for about $ 20 and they can light aspects of the garnishes on fire . there are some bar foods but in chinatown , you could probably find the same things for cheaper better . the average cocktails were $ 11- $ 13 which is not too bad and you can share a pitcher of something for $ 50 . the service was friendly and knowledgable . they were great for suggestions modifications to drinks . overall a nice bar in the area . would go again if there was n't a lineup .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "unpretentious bar with chill and relaxed atmosphere , and impressive cocktail menu . the mixes produced by the bar tenders at le mal n\u00e9cessaire are masterfully crafted . unfortunately the implementation may be inconsistent and depends on who '' s mixing the drink , the experienced bar tenders should not overdo on ice and minimize the alcohol . my latest experience with the refill of the yummy cachaca coco water mix was very icy . basically do n't get the refill , for two dollars less you will be served a cocktail free of booze . otherwise every mix i have tried so far in the bar is wonderfully delicious . i love the concept of serving drinks in coco shells and pineapple fruits , as well as the cocktail pitchers you can share . the service is extremely attentive when it is not crowded , but the reality is i have avoided the late busy hours up to now . definitely a place to stop by more often for a drink !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ask for graham ! so informative , caring and genuinely wants to know that you love what you are ordering . try the abacaxi mai tai ! ... not for the weak , this drink is stiffffffff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was there on a saturday night with a group of friends . service was extremely slow and our waiter kept getting our order wrong..it should n't take 30 min to get a drink ... drinks are good though , but i do n't think i would go back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "j'aime j'aime j'aime j'aime ! l'ananas fluo vert dans l'escalier , l'originalit\u00e9 des cocktails et de leur pr\u00e9sentation , le d\u00e9cor , le fait que ce soit cach\u00e9 dans le chinatown , le staff , la musique , le monde qui vont , la disposition des tables ( style banquettes ouvertes ) . j'esp\u00e8re que \u00e7a va rester encore peu connu de la masse de montr\u00e9alais , parce que c'est d\u00e9finitivement un spot de choix .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good little hang out bar . nice range of cocktail options and good service . it got a little crowded later on and it was difficult to read the menus because it was quite dark . but overall good and i would visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "localised at the limit of the chinese quetie i went to this place for an happy hour . i like the concept of the bar which serves many cocktails in a dark atmosphere . tables are sometimes shared but it 's not a probl\u00e8me as you are keep closed to your friends . prices were at the limit of expensive for me . i will not pay much for a cocktail ( 12 $ ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having opened last year , this great bar is hidden in chinatown . spot the neon green pineapple and you 've found it ! the drinks are great and tropical feeling . the crew is super efficient and very welcoming . you can tell they love to do what they do which makes a world difference !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool ambiance , good music , awesome staff , cool drinks in a pineapple and a selection of good chinese bites . awesome place , will be back for sure . the drinks are pretty strong too so do n't mind the price that can seem slightly high , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great drinks , great music , the workers are nice and inviting . favourite place to go drink in montreal", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i passed this place on my search for bars clubs during my last trip to montreal but this time i actually stopped by and went down beyond the pineapple to see what was up . the reviews seemed promising and they are as true as you would like ! they have a great selection of drinks for a fair price , nice seating , and great service . you can have something as crazy as drinks out of pineapples or coconuts or your typical drinks in glasses . the music was not bad and it 's a nice place to sit and chat with friends while enjoying some good drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super nice staff ! the hostess that greeted my friend and i was adorable . the mai tai in the pineapple is super good . the place is quite small and cozy so i would say to get here early . great place for a chill drink with friends with some funky upbeat music in the background . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my new mtl staple . awesome atmosphere - music , friendly staff , cool drinks . a bit crowded but that 's to be expected in any good spot . great place to go with friends -- too loud for a date , will be going back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place so much i made a second trip within a couple of days . i 'm a tiki enthusiast , so i will seek it out in any city , and le mal necessaire did not disappoint . on our first visit , we went early , during happy hour time on a weeknight , so it was pretty much empty , allowing us to chat with the bartenders while getting loaded on delicious drinks . the second trip was later in the evening and it was definitely hopping . located in a basement in chinatown , the basement space was cozy and fun . let the oddly delightfuly neon green pineapple guide you downstairs to paradise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super-hipster semi-underground tiki bar in montreal 's chinatown . that sums it up . good drinks , with fun twists like chia seeds or served in a pineapple . nice staff . decent crowd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cool little tiki bar in china town . drinks are plentiful and snacks are great . probably the most attractive part about this place is the atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very cool and friendly little bar ! funny and nice staff ! cocktail list is impressive and very diversified . down south , pineapples are seen as welcoming . this bar is full of it : - ) very welcoming indeed . seats are low , and a bit hard , but very original decor . only downside is it is downstairs , without windows to enjoy the brief sunshine winks .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if chinatown and a tiki bar had a baby , you 'd get le mal n\u00e9cessaire . this is one of my fav summer spots to start a night out with friends . super fun vibe filled with tiki inspired drinks and good looking people . bonus , if you 're feeling hungry , you can order chinese food and the staff will run out to pick up your fix . i 've always found the staff great and seems no matter what night you come , the place packs a crowd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place out , cause of its intriguing pineapple led light . the staff was extremely polite , helpful but a bit slow . i was n't much of a fan of this place as it felt a bit tiny and dark ( claustrophobia alert ) . we did n't get a table so we were standing by the counter ( i felt almost guilty for overhearing the guy next to me try in the vain to impress his date ) , then they let another massive group of people in and there was absolutely no place to move ( by this time i was in between the aforementioned guy and his lovely lady ) . the cocktails were n't worth the price , the painkiller is what we liked the most . the moscow mule had a strong ginger after taste , the long wok ice tea seemed okay . singa however- did not disappoint . i would n't go to this place again , and do n't recommend this place to anyone who wants to go as a big group and interact .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "overpriced . nice service , small place . dark and too basic . would not recommend going . many other options in the area for much better value .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i loved this place . a great drink selection , with a lot at $ 10 with tax . if you 're looking to spend a bit more , you can get a drink in a pineapple or coconut . the decor is really great , staff were great , and the drinks really tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went here late on a friday night and boy were we glad ! as tourists from toronto , my bf were looking for somewhere unique to grab a few drinks and enjoy mtl . we were greeted with kind smiles from all of the bartenders- ( who are extremely entertaining when it comes to mastering the art of creating a perfect drink-tossing bottles over and under the shoulder-etc ... ) the drinks were amazingly creative , quite big , obviously delicious and pretty strong : d mn has a really a chill vibe- the music was loud and ranged from pop to hiphop to top40 and rap . shout outs to our bartender julio , who made our night in mtl quite memorable ! even though this bar is located just on the boarder of chinatown in mtl , we felt like we were visiting the caribbean for the night ! i definitely recommend this if you are in mtl and are looking for somewhere `` different '' to spend your night drinking .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all in all it 's a pretty cool place , but very loud and crowded . you get seated next to strangers on benches with awkwardly low tables and you have to scream for your friends to hear you . the main reason for coming here obviously is the drinks in fruits . i had the pineapple one which was tasty though expensive , and another normal drink i forget about . nice stop to get the evening started maybe , but i ca n't imagine spending a whole night there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "petit bar cach\u00e9 dans le sous sol sur la rue st laurent dans le quartier chinois , \u00e0 peine visible de l'ext\u00e9rieur . beau d\u00e9cor et belle ambiance , \u00e7a se rempli tr\u00e8s vite \u00e0 partir de 18h nous avons m\u00eame du changer de place car nous n'\u00e9tions que 3 alors qu'ils voulaient accommoder un groupe ( d\u00e9sol\u00e9e d'avoir si peu d'importance qu'on doive nous changer de place au milieu de notre soir\u00e9e.. ) . je n'ai pas \u00e9t\u00e9 impressionn\u00e9e par les cocktails trop chers et trop forts \u00e0 mon go\u00fbt la pr\u00e9sentation elle valait la peine . ce qui m'a agr\u00e9ablement surprise c'est la nourriture provenant du resto au dessus ! ! alors la oui \u00e7a valait la peine les nouilles , les dumplings et le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral tao un vrai d\u00e9lice ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we walked around chinatown , doing the touristy thing and evening started to creep in . it was our last night and we wanted a good cocktail to start the evening . i find this place on yelp and start walking towards it . i was a little lost at first , but eventually found the glowing pineapple . it was completely empty besides the bartender setting up for service . she smiles , greets us and we settle into the bar . after all that walking i quickly order a gimlet . the boyfriend orders a beer . the space was lovely . it has a open area with a few booths , low table and a horse shoe bar . the menu was also tiki themed . speakeasy slash polynesian feel ? a small group of kids come in ( kids , meaning 18-22 year olds ... yes , i 'm an old fart ) and order some kind of drink served in a pineapple . they quickly leave after . the bartender was very sweet and was suggested some other speakeasies and a poutinerie to try before we left the city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a mai tai which served in a pineapple . i 'm not sure how this can charge me 22 . i think it 's a bit pricey considering the drink is mostly ice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "original cocktails . laid back vibes . neon pineapple . i would loooove this place , but they appear understaffed . the bartenders are super skilled and move quickly , they just need some more help ! seriously , take my money : people would end up ordering more drinks if the wait was n't so very long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was there on a sunday night and it was good . the drinks are really good and unique . i never been to a place where the staff are so happy to work there , smiling , taking care of your needs . for it to be a sunday night it was full of people at around 10pm .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this could 've gone gimmicky but instead it 's a fun little watering hole with tasty , strong drinks and fabulous service . had a round of the eponymous cocktail at the bar and was impressed by the bartender 's execution and presentation . fun unique little spot - grab a seat at the bar , it got busy fast even on a weeknight .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very original bar , great drinks , and great atmosphere . definitely a very grungy place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this bar is somewhat of a sexy situation . with a greenlit entrance that makes you feel like you 're entering somewhere slightly forbidden ( or maybe oz ) and a mysterious pineapple logo ... it 'll definitely lure you in . the spread of tropical drinks were on point\u00e8 ( such creative combinations and lovely presentation ) . the bartenders are very sweet ( ask for val ! ) . the music soundtrack was solid . place was a lil ' empty , but i imagine it 's great on happening nights too . definitely hit up mn for a sultry and chill time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the cutest little bar i have ever been to ! it 's lowkey , dimly lit by candles and it just has a good vibe to it . the two bartenders who attended us , tino and micky were great ! they had conversations with us and the others , and the drinks were great ! i would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for me this is the kind of place you go to when you feel like something different special . the drinks are fancier too expensive and it 's too crowded to be a regular haunt type of spot for me , but it 's super fun when you have friends in from out of town or planning a busy evening on the town for pre-drinks before a delicious chinatown dinner . the food is ok ( tried dumplings and nibbles ) but really , the mixed drinks in pineapples , coconuts and beautiful glasses is the real reason to pop in . very small , so it gets busy and loud quickly , go early if you want to avoid crowds . if you like it bumping , you wo n't wait long !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fantastic atmosphere , great music , and truly beautiful cocktails . the bartenders take pride in making perfect drinks - and are super friendly and laid back . wish we could have stayed longer - it 's awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent tiki bar ! have the mai tai & the dirty south ... the namesake drink is fitting ... the classics - singapore sling and painkiller - delish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent find in chinatown ! after downing 2 pitchers of cocktails with friends and about 1000 fried wontons from fung shing upstairs we rolled out of there perfectly pleased with our experience . the decor is reminiscent of a tiki bar but not too kitschy , and perfect for photos with friends ! we went there for a weeknight 5 a 7 but i would like to return to see what it 's like on the weekends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for drinks in chinatown . always busy and fun . now with a dj playing , making even more sweet for the start of the night out . ps - late night eats until 10:45 from the chinatown restaurant next door . love it !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ne serait-ce que pour le d\u00e9cor et l'ambiance , c'est un must . les drinks sont deliciosos !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we dropped by the place for a friend 's birthday on a wednesday night ( lol ) around 10 pm . tucked under chinatown , the bar is identifiable thanks to its neon green pineapple . i 'm not sure how to describe the place ... weird-tropical-hipster-den-offering-chinese-take-out-for-your-late-night-munchies ? the drinks were cool and diverse , although prices a bit steep for the quality offered . the staff was super busy , and we waited a good 20-30 minutes before getting anything . no big complaints tho ! we were there for the vibe , and it was allll good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very friendly service , great music ( funk and electronic ) , and cool ambiance . it is a place i plan on visiting often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bartender `` loudly '' makes the cocktails clanging stuff and shaking violently , putting on a fun to watch show , but at the end of the day these are cheap wells drink , cheap mixer cocktails that taste as much but cost as much as a quality cocktail . i felt like i was in `` river north '' minus most of the crowd . going here only made me appreciate our local tiki cocktail scene in chicago that much more .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "excellent service tonight by jaaron . he really knows his stuff and was super friendly and helpful . awesome waiter ! the drinks were strong and funky , you really get your money 's worth . the vibe is laid back with a diverse clientele of hipsters and non-hipsters alike , so no one really felt out of place . the look of the place was n't what i was expecting based on the pictures online . an honest statement would be that you 're definitely aware you 're in chinatown . it 's basically your chinatown staple with a slightly hip feel and decor . but the place clearly redecorated on a budget because you still get the feel of a chinese food restaurant based on the tiles and fixtures . still though , it was a good night and the service really did it for us ! thanks jaaron : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pretty nice , hidden tiki spot , it 's cool to drink out of pineapples and talk to french women . the only downside is each pineapple is 22 ... .then again..canadian", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great bartenders . great drinks . fun atmosphere . perfect storm is my favorite drink . maybe ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drolement situe mais extrement cool et les drinks sont excellents ! having fun with friends from boston .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the necessary evil , a recommendation from a bartender we had in old montreal . this is exactly my kind of place , in fact it 's kind of like apothek in manhattan 's chinatown . tucked away on the edge of china town you 'll descend underground following the glowing green pineapple to a cabana bar . the bartenders are friendly , there 's a good cocktail selection , and the drinks are cheap . they even serve food from the chinese restaurant upstairs . now how 's that for a symbiotic relationship ? the people in here seem to gear towards the younger side and there 's plenty of large lounging areas for big groups .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great cocktails . hard working staff . i went on a tuesday night and was surprised by how busy it was . the cocktail list focuses more on tropical drinks but they can make any classics beautifully . might take a while to get your drinks but it 's well worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "drinks are great fun , and music and service was good . great for chilling with friends . popped in late and stayed til close . very cool spot in chinatown . would recommend . look for the green pineapple sign outside to find this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like it when the signature drink at a bar is good . le mal necessaire is both a great drink and cocktail bar . they have scads of cocktails ( all in lovely packaging ) and the ambiance is very easygoing . i must try the snack options next time i go - they have an option to order chinese food from the restaurant upstairs . and the waitstaff are delightful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great drinks , great music , cool staff , delicious snacks . not super cheap but definitely worth it every now and then .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "by far my favorite spot in montreal . the dj has an awesome playlist and keeps everyone moving . the bartenders know what they 're doing and keep everyone 's drinks full . it 's a little hard to find , but 100 % worth the hunt . would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a low key spot to have a good time with friends while in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i think i 'm in love ! my husband and i decided to stop by this lovely cocktail bar on a recommendation . not only were we greeted with smiles but with excellent customer service . now , this location does n't have a very lengthy the food menu . the snacks that are offered are cooked by the restaurant next-door . since we were starving , we decided to dine at the restaurant and then go straight to the bar for cocktails . as a sidenote , the restaurant was the de-lish ( nothing too fancy ) , fresh and fast . we ended up arriving around 9:30 p.m. and waited only a few minutes . we had the bahama mama ( which arrived on fire ) , the signature drink and the singapore sling . we were in the city on a short holiday and wanted to see as much a possible ; as a rule we do n't return to same place twice . we really had to fight the urge . but we 'll be back next trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "le choix de bouffe est limit\u00e9 mais tout de m\u00eame d\u00e9licieux . mon plat de dumpling \u00e9tait d\u00e9licieux , j'ai piqu\u00e9 une bouch\u00e9e aux crevettes sur un pain gril\u00e9 que mon ami a pris . d\u00e9licieux . j'avoue , j'ai pris un un abacaxi mai tai servi dans un ananas avec rhum , du sirop d'orgeat , de la lime et du jus d'ananas . bref , une exp\u00e9rience \u00e0 vivre", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great hangout spot with great drinks and the staff is above and beyond friendly . i am always amazed by how talented and entertaining the bartenders are at making the drinks . this place has a beautiful tiki-like decor , with great music and good food ! i most definitely recommend this spot to anyone looking for a bar that goes above and beyond your typical st-laurent spots .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "passable : excellents cocktails mais qu'il nous a fallu attendre 20 minutes pour nous voir servir , dommage . le serveur ayant pris notre commande a disparu , donc on s'est demand\u00e9s si on finirai par avoir nos boissons . rare pour montreal .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i loved this please because it was low key , but it was really hot inside like a dry sauna . the drinks were super delicious , i loved the painkiller : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! got a little lost and when i called , one of the owners came out to find me and take me to the bar ! i get to the bar and bartender was just awesome ! and i had a great great ( strong ) pina colada . the people were chill , the ambience was superb and the music was awesome . what more could i ask for ? i will be coming back here often .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i admit location was hard to find , but once i walked into the basement location - i was more than impressed . simple seating , not overly crowded and good music . the drinks were fun and flavourful , we ordered appetizers which were made at another restaurant but service was fast . we did n't have to go out of our way to pick it up , our waiter took care if that.prices match the size you pay for !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super bar , un peu cach\u00e9 , en sous-sol , sur st laurent , au coin ren\u00e9 levesque , o\u00f9 les cocktails sont vraiment d\u00e9licieux ! c'est dans le quartier chinois , alors \u00e7a peut etre une bonne id\u00e9e d'aller manger chinois puis aller y prendre un verre ... bonne ambiance , bonne musique , bon service , large choix de cocktails , drinks , etc ... a essayer ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a green neon pineapple lights the stairway leading down to an l-shaped bar in a small lounge on saint laurent . friendly bartender , great drinks and a very cool underground vibe . the homemade tonic upgrades the gin tonique aloes from the basic g & t and the namesake le mal necessaire was complex but remarkably well-balanced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of my go to places and favourite bars ! the staff is super friendly , very approachable and willing to help . i have been here a handful of times and i have yet to have a disappointing drink . my favourite however is the pineapple one . although it is much pricier ( $ 20+ ) , its size and taste definitely makes up for the price tag . it 's super fresh and super refreshing and served in a carves out pineapple ! ! this drink transports you to the tropics . they also serve chicness food ( from the neighbour restaurant ) as bar food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is based on the cobb salad i ordered . i did n't want egg included and they were nice enough to let me substitute for another item but the lettuce let the salad down . the iceberg lettuce used was soggy and either old or left sitting out at the wrong temperature for too long . for an $ 11.00 salad it was definitely not worth it . next time i would request romaine be used or whatever looks fresher .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pro tip : this location does n't have the crazy line that the location in commerce court does . sure you have to go outside , but it might save you 20 minutes from standing in line . oh , they also take debit during the lunch hour as opposed to the commerce court location which cuts off debit at lunch . the salads here are a little pricey and they 're huge . even the regular size is more than you 'll probably need . you can choose one if their pre-built options and tweak as you like or just make up your own from scratch . i usually go with the chicken caesar with spinach instead of romaine , which always seems to throw them off for some reason . either way , it 's delicious and filling .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is sufficient and fairly good for the days i forget to bring my lunch to work . the food is fresh and seems a bit more 'homemade ' and not as preservative ridden as many of the deli 's around . the sandwich spreads are a change from the normal mustard and mayo and the cheese , bread , and topping options slightly more artisanal . you pay the general `` i forgot my lunch '' premium of $ 10.00 for a sandwich and small side salad you could have made yourself for half the price . but still this $ 10.00 sandwich is a little more tasty than other financial district lunch sandwich salad spots . verdict : sandwiches are tasty but salads , while options are a plenty , are kind of forgettable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sooooooo bad . service sucks , salads poorly mixed , and staff clearly do n't care .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the quality of ingredients at this location is sub standard when compared to the commerce court location , however the prices are the same . the meat products are not the same and i have found the lettuces to be old and soggy . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great for what it is , which is a spot to grab a quick and healthy lunch . i go for the salads mostly instead of the sandwiches and there is lots of variety . i tend to stick to more or less the same combination ( spring mix with corn , broccoli , beets , chickpeas , couscous and tuna ) but it 's always tasty and the assembly line set-up gets you in and out quickly at lunch time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was ok , but i think it 's a bit misleading to advertise their salads as `` load on ingredients ! over 40 ingredients to chose from ! '' but then when you get served they tell you that you can only have four ingredients and anything more is an extra $ 1- $ 1.50 per item . i fully understand that some ingredients should have an extra cost ( protein , some cheeses etc ) but the basics should be unlimited .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'm surprised to see such mediocre reviews . the sandwich i had was among the best i 've ever eaten . ( perhaps partially due to my ingredient selection ; ) the accompanying salad was a welcome surprise . one of my office mates got a salad the size of his head and could barely finish it . however , now that i 've heard of sandwich box , i 'll have to check it out to compare !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i eat here a lot . what can i say ? it 's a decent custom-salad place . i 'll give 'em a higher rating since they 're open pretty late . they got lots of great sauces , custom options . had a sandwich once or twice from them and the bread is crunch and good . if you want no-guilt but quick , tasty lunch , then come here . for what it does , it does it pretty well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although this place is expensive for a sandwich and a small salad ( $ 11 ) , i still crave it . their sandwiches taste so fresh , my regular is a grilled chicken on rosemary focaccia with brie cheese , goat cheese , avacado spread , roasted red pepper spread , tomatoes and mushrooms . the salad is small , however , the dressing on it is yummy ! there is always a line up and i despise that they only take cash between 11am and 2pm - so inconvenient !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't like this location as much as the other two but at least they have private seating ( not in a food court ) . the space feels a bit uninspired and institutional . they provide nutritional info on their website , which is more than i can say for most places . i would n't go out of my way to eat at this location , but if you 're in the area you could do worse .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty much a popular lunch spot for those working in the financial district . they have separate lines for salads and sandwiches , which are customizable . they have quite a wide selection for bread and 2 choices for soup . i love how they have an avocado spread . my turkey-avocado-mushroom-tomato-mozzarella grilled sandwich was delicious and came with a free side of garden salad . seating is limited but turnover is quick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to go here very often , and really like the quick service , given my work schedule but the quality of their food really turned me off . i ordered the kale salad which was a new item ( or was not advertised well before as i had not noticed it ) . i added my usual toppings and tried a new sauce . bring my food back to work and i taste sand in my salad ! ! ! they probably did n't wash the kale properly . obviously this was a bummer , and even though i honestly frequented this place , the sand thing has rubbed me the wrong way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as for myself , i like this restaurant very much . good food , at a good price . of course everything has to be taken in context , this is basically a family run takeout restaurant , so one should curve expectations around that fact . furthermore , this here is mesa arizona , and if you have n't noticed , we 're not a major culinary center of the united states . duh ! do n't ever expect the level of cuisine one gets in new york city or san francisco . that said , when a place like new china opens up , i 'm actually quite happy . is it authentic ? that depends on your point of view . compared to chains like panda express , this restaurant is worlds better . and new york chinatown ? well , they 're not quite there , but on a scale of 1 to 10 , i 'm happy to give them a solid 7+ . for mesa , that 's pretty darn good by my estimation .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a tender place in my heart for this poor little place ... but with that said , it has sadly gone down hill . this is the most hit-and-miss restaurant that i can think of , sometimes the food will be good and others the spicy entrees will be far too candy-like sweet , or the dry food will be greasy , or the savory and powerful dish will be bland and uninteresting . there 's no knowing how they 'll do . in fact they are so erratic that even going here anymore has become to risky a gamble of my money . if you want good chinese food that does the proud chinese culinary heritage right , this is not the place you 're looking for . ( my advice would be go down to the mekong market asian shopping complex down on dobson and main here in mesa if you want great asian food . they have chinese , thai , taiwanese , vietnamese , filipino , cantonese chinese , and bakeries . best asian food in the city )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been eating here for a few years and have never been disappointed . christmas dinner for eleven ? no problem . more food than we could eat for less than seven dollars a head , including beverages .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here today & got the family dinner for 30.00 it was sooo good . all of the food was so good easily the best chinese i 've had . love it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a new low for any mom and pop stores . exemplary for when one should n't open up a restaurant . the kitchen was filthy as were all the kitchen equipment.there was so many things wrong with this place that i will only put a synopsis food was horrible . management and service was terrible . no health inspection score posted and the kitchen and establishment reflects it . my new comparisons for all restaurants will be `` is it worse than new china ? '' i would recommend this place to all my enemies or to people looking for cheap explosive enemas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is bomb ! the best orange chicken i have ever had . definitely my favorite chinese place we have found since we have moved here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a lunch special of hunan chicken yesterday . it included pork fried rice and hot and sour soup . the hunan chicken was excellent , lots of chicken in a savory , hot brown sauce with broccoli , snow peas and red peppers . the fried rice was a nice brown color with pork cubes and egg . quite tasty . the hot and sour soup had pieces of tofu , pork strips and bamboo shoots with lots of red pepper flakes . it may not be the best i 've had , but it was still good . what a bargain for $ 4.95 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the customer service for this place is crap they are rude and uniformitive when trying to place a order . once the driver arrived for the delivery he ripped me off two bucks and started walking away it seemed he did to not speak english . as a result he just kept walking and drove off in his car . based on how rude and aweful the employees were i actually was worried they might have done something to the food which was just hard to eat and was rather plain as well", "score": "1"}
{"review": "will never go back.. the young lady at the counter was rude and unfriendly . she actually yelled at me for making a change in my order.. my co-workers would go here every now and again . we will not good back . dont eat here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you got ta be kidding me ! ! its a big rip off , 99 % rice and veggies , 1 % meat , never again ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has gone down hill it used to be good ; the price for the food you got was decent but now it 's way overpriced and you get crappy food with attitude from the woman at the register who just sits there playing games or watching videos on her phone while you stand there waiting to be acknowledged . believe me when i say skip this place your better off somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been coming here for years . the pork egg rolls are usually very good . my son loves the orange flavored chicken , though sometimes it can be overly sweet . i always like the four seasons or shrimp & beef in kung pao sauce . the sauces are not overwhelming & the veggies are always crisp and fresh . the pot stickers , however , are a disappointment . overall , a good , quick , inexpensive place for chinese takeout .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked in for the first time and had to get the cashiers attention because she was texting on her phone . my order : veggie low mein , cream cheese wontons , white rice . ( vegetarian ) received : veggie low mein , crab puffs , and pork fried rice . i asked the cook for what i originally asked for , and he said he did what the ticket said , then proceeded to show me it . i said , if i could eat this i would but i 'm a vegetarian . he brought me over a bowl of steamed rice and after separating the pork out of my vegetable low mein , it tasted good . we left within 5 minutes if receiving my food because the cashier was screaming in chinese on the phone at someone . bad idea to go there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ordered the spicy beef lunch combo . the beef was an odd pink color and the flavor was poor to mediocre . the meat itself was tough and chewy . the fried rice was yellow ... . really yellow , and it looked like it had been sitting for weeks . i ate a few bites and decided it was not worth getting sick . i threw my food away and left . i have been to a number of really shady looking chinese places , but i have never been nervous to eat the food . maybe i ordered the wrong thing , but i still would n't recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has the worst chinese food that i have ever tasted . stale , low quality vegetables , flavorless entrees , and way over-priced for what they serve . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the health department should stop by ... ..soon . we have gotten take out several times recently . they are always screaming at each other in chinese . it is a very uncomfortable atmosphere . but last night was and will be our last time . the owner ... who is such a rude , obnoxious woman anyway ... .was breast feeding her baby ... .at the front counter . our food was not ready , so i sat in a booth to wait . it was disgusting to watch food being prepared as she breast fed the kid .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "first time was the last time . i just walked in and the woman told me to pay for my food . i just walked in and she starts accusing me of not paying for food when i have n't even ordered yet . no apology or nothing ! i should have took that as an omen and left so i did n't have to pay for food that was n't any good . sorry , if you are n't going to invest anytime in the taste and preparation of your food , why should i invest any more money ? ! ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is horrible ! ! ! the sweet and sour shrimp had so much breading you could not find the shrimp . it tasted like it was fried in smelly old oil . the kung pao chicken should be called kung pao celery because that 's all it was ! ! ! ! celery . my boyfriend became ill half way through his meal . i admit i have been spoiled by the food in the bay area , but this was the worst ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "placed an order a few weeks ago they forgot my egg rolls i called tonight which they stated they would replace the egg rolls , the order was for delivery which took two hours to get and the food was ice cold . now here it comes they forgot my damn egg rolls again . i called and was told they were busy offered to give a 10.00 credit next order . fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me . i told them to take the egg rolls and shove them where the sun does n't shine . and then i would never ever frequent their establishment again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the general tso chicken was really good ! they give you alot of food , everything came out really nice and hot . the only thing bad i would say about this place is that it 's probably not the best place to go for a fancy sit-down dinner . definitely a take-out place . you can see the kitchen from the seating area . it 's clean , but it looks fast food , dive style .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i wish i had found the previous review instead of the reviews i found on urbanspoon.com . i agree with the previous reviewer -- save your money and eat at panda express instead ! our family ordered three of the lunch menu specials : kung pao chicken , orange chicken , and lemon chicken . out of the three , the orange chicken was the best , but still not nearly as good as panda 's . the kung pao chicken had no flavor and was not spicy like kung pao should be . the lemon chicken was the worst of all -- thin chicken fillets fried in a thick , undercooked , greasy batter with a thin flavorless sauce on the side . the fried rice was orange as described by the other reviewer and had no eggs and the pork in ours was on the dry side . although we have had better , we did enjoy the egg rolls .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these people were caught digging produce out if the dumpster behind the grocery store it is located next to . they raise and slaughter their own chickens , and use local caught fish from the park in the fish dishes . take this very serious . use caution when you eat here ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just so-so . lost my online order , because printer was n't working `` again '' , so not a one time problem . food was bland , not enough taste and felt like each dish was missing something in the sauce or seasoning . granted , i travel to china often , so i have a high bar , but there are a half dozen better chinese places in the valley . fried rice was missing oyster sauce and soy taste , sweet and sour was too mellow , honey chicken needed more salt , pepper and soy .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "happy family & special duck ! ! awesomely cooked veggies , 2 serving per order ! ! love this place-oh and they deliver ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dirty , they have n't swept the floors in what seems like a week there 's so much stuff on it . egg drop soup is flavorless , everything is served on disposable plates , bowls ... i 'm totally cool with divey places as long as the food is good . this is just a straight up dive . do n't waste your money here . king pao chicken is salty and lacks any other flavor . very bland , not a fan . customer service is also lacking . go ahead and go across the road to thai corner . that place is bomb .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so tonight decided to give the restaurant another chance . i must say in12 days things have surely changed the girl taking the order great job with your etiquette on the phone . delivery fast , and friendly . the food packaged amazing ! ! ! the food was awesome which was never really the issue because it is good . keep up the great changes and my family and i will keep coming back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food from this place is my favorite fast-food chinese . i do n't mind waiting for it to be prepared when ordered vs sitting around under heat lamps . my only complaint is that because the people who work there speak limited english , it is frustrating when i have a question . they are very friendly ... just unable to communicate well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is disgusting ! so glad i went there before ordering any delivery ! wasted $ 6.00 though , took a few bites of the gross food & threw it away ! ! from the lobby ordering area the back door was opened & numerous jugs all over the back floor along with the strong smell of cleaning solutions ! i should have walked out then ! ! i ordered the lemon chicken with rice & egg roll . the smell was not good in the to go back on the way home . the lemon chicken is previously frozen & the breading was gooey in the middle ! the pour over lemon sauce was nasty ! the rice was nasty too ! broke open the egg roll , smelled it , threw it all away ! i should have called & asked for my money back ! the health department needs to check this place out ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is bland , flavorless . fried rice was orange , not what fried rice should look like . cream cheese wontons and lo mein were ok , nothing special . we ordered fried dumplings but were not given any sauce , so we went back to ask for some , got attitude from young woman at the front and she told us that we got some- which we definitely did not . also got sweet and sour chicken , which was cold , bland and also came with no sauce . not sweet or sour at all . definitely not worth a second chance . would rather buy greasy panda express .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was a little disappointed in the restaurant i thought it was sit down were they come to wait your table . this is mostly take away i had moo shoo roast pork and won ton soup it was good but they gave me cold flour tortillas instead of the chinese pancake . if i go there again i would order something else .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "did a delivery order from new china tonight for dinner . ordered the pu pu platter ( for 2 ) , and the orange flavored chicken plate . also ordered the free side of chicken fried rice as well . i made specific specifications about not wanting pork in the rice that comes with the orange flavored chicken plate , and requested chicken instead . our meal was delivered in a timely fashion , but when we opened our food boxes , it was clear that many mistakes had been made . the pu pu platter was missing the bbq spare ribs , in its place were fried sticks of imitation crab . the chicken wings were unrecognizable , and the shrimp were over fried and not cleaned ( not deveined ) . the orange chicken flavored plate was n't as bad , but not great to ever order it again . another issue was not receiving our free side of chicken fried rice . as an end result , we will not be ordering from this restaurant again , period .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is place has the best chinese food in mesa i love this place its awsome the cashiers are always very nice and friendly they always treat me and my family nice . very nice and oh they also deliver always on time . they say 45 mins its half of that i give this place a 5 star .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is ok and decent . few dining tables inside . reminds me of a spot back in jersey . i do n't mind eating at this place . good customer service and lots of fortune cookies lol . my fam loves it so it 's all good for me . quick chinese fix on the go .. as far as prices , not too bad.. i would come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst customer service ever . beware of delivery ! you get shorted half your order . the restaurant will not make right of their mistake . advertised as ny style chinese restaurant however microwaved top ramen will satisfy your hungry better than this cheap garbage food . beware of positive reviews this place is awful !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love chinese food but this place is not great . it is a bit dirty and i think the food is way over priced for the quality you are getting . they have a couple of good things on their menu but for the most part i drive a ways to get better food . they need to clean it up and get the quality under control .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we ordered 4 dishes . 2 of them we could n't even eat . the other 2 were very mediocre .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i actually thought the flavor and prices were good , but i went to the restroom and found a cockroach ! yuck , i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my wife and i moved here from new york in 2006 good new york style chinese food is very hard to find here in mesa this place not only has the best quality food but their menu is laid out just like a true hole in the wall new york city chinese restaurant and we love it i highly recommend this place the price is rightthe food is great and you can have as many fortune cookies as your heart desires i do n't like the house after dark but my wife and i were singing for this chinese food so bad we hopped in the car and had a delicious dinner i highly recommend it", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here . one of the owners is on the phone just talking loud in the eating area . the other older lady is loud on the phone in the cooking area . our person that is supposed to be taking our order is to busy texting and not even making eye contact . i 'm sorry am i 'm disturbing you while you supposed to be taking our order ! ! ! ! there 's another customer in here he 's been standing at the counter to order for 15min now and no one has even bothered to acknowledge him ! ! so far the customer service sucks ! ! ! hopefully the food is good to make up for lack of service ! ! ! even if it is good i wo n't come back just due to poor service ! ! ! just tasted the food ... .the food is amazing ! ! ! just wish the service was the same", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am from the east coast and have been searching for chinese food that is like ours back home . i finally found it ! ! this place is amazing , food is fantastic , love the fact they have real fried rice with the combos , price is perfect i bought two combos and a large side of veggie lo mein for about 23 bucks . my sweet and sour sauce comes on the side which i love so my chicken does n't get soggy . plus to top it all off they delivery ! ! ! which for me being a new mom is perfect i do n't have to load the baby up and drag her to go get food when she should be getting ready for bed . they quoted a 45 min delivery time and showed up before 45 mins . so pleased with the for and customer service ! ! ! i will be eating here again ! ! ! just wish i would have found this place when i was still pregnant ! ! ! i recommend giving them a try ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we got a flyer for this restaurant a few weeks ago , and it said it delivered , so we decided to try it out last night . this restaurant was okay , at best . the delivery itself did n't take too long , which was refreshing . it was a bit difficult to order , as there was a bit of a language barrier . the food was , again , okay . the hot & sour soup was the biggest disappointment . it was super bland- which was so sad because it 's usually my favorite food ! the orange chicken was actually surprisingly flavorful , and very orange-y . the vegetable lo mein was also pretty good . the rice that came with the meal was too mushy , but it was n't a big deal . overall , it was n't fantastic , but the convenience of delivery will keep us coming back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we walked into the wrong store by mistake haha . margaret was awesome and ended up saving us a lot of money while also making sure what was bought was a better fit . the store has plenty of options to choose from and margaret is extremely helpful right away . the show room is well laid out with a lot of options and the color coding is easy on they eyes giving a quick glance and only the options you would want to see . will be coming here again for any mattress purchases . i liked helpful , honest help without anyone trying to sell . she was definitely more interested in what we needed rather than making a big sale . i really liked our experience . quick and easy with plenty of options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great product and exceptional customer service ! nicole was very informative and put our needs and concerns first ... .very satisfied all around !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "margaret is the new store manager and gave me a great deal on a bed ! go see her and she 'll the care of you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously frickn phenomenal ! ! margaret was incredible . she helped me find exactly what i needed and instead of buying the basic boxspring ( what i came in for ) , i am buying more-than , with her help . customer service is everything and she was spot on ! she guided me through all my questions and then navigated me towards better options . she was not pushy or anything like a salesman . 100 % coming back when i 'm ready to upgrade anything else . thank you , margaret ! you were a doll !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is nothing worse than having to buy a mattress . it 's expensive but a good nights sleep is very very important . i had gone through the yelp reviews and noticed that this store had the highest ratings yet not the closest to where i lived . no matter , off i went . sean was the most patient , experienced and nicest person . he did n't push me to buy but offered and suggested just the right bed . he knows his business of mattresses and in few simple tests knew what comfort bed i needed and was looking for . ( even though i did not have a clue ) thank you sean for making something so stressful into a non stress day , and to top it off i was able to buy and have bed delivered in same day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seanpaul was great to work with and gave us a killer deal . i highly recommend him and mattressfirm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seanpaul was extremely helpful and friendly . he made the process easy . i recommend others to go here and ask for seanpaul .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was planning on renting here , as the ad makes it sound wonderful and it 's so unique and different than really anything else i 've seen in the area- but after reading the other reviews and seeing the reality of this place ( shoddy repairs , insect infestations , poor management , bedbugs ! ! ! ! ) - no freakin way ! what a total horror show ! ps hope the ladies who had the bed bug problem that was handled improperly consult an attorney , because that is so illegal and they could possibly have insecticide poisoning . good luck , and caveat emptor to anyone renting there ! ! ! ! i 'll take my money elsewhere thanks", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had to write another review since i was so pleased with my service . i live out of state and my mom had to go into the hospital and was there for over a week . at the last minute we were able to use mary 's services to make sure my mom 's dogs were taken care of while she was in the hospital .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found mary on yelp , we could n't be happier , we waited till she had watched our 5 dog 's a few times to make sure we were completely happy . we do n't like to review things after one use , she has now watched our dogs 3 times and we could n't be happier , my patner and i go out of town several times a month , we moved here from so cal and were so worried about leaving our babies alone , not any more we highly recomend affordable pet sitters ! we use yelp for anything we need locally , so far after reading reviews and speaking with people , it has worked great ! you ca n't please everyone but we have been so happy with yelp , keep up the good work ! t & terri", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . what a great service . i went into the hospital and called these folks . the owner , mary , said -- do n't worry about your pets ( three dogs ) . i will get someone there to take care of them . it was a last minute emergency , she had to get keys to get in , they went totally out of their way -- and did n't charge me extra for the 'emergency ' i was in . i would call them anytime to look after my family ! not only reliable and good with the dogs , very compassionate too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been using mary for over a year now . we can leave for a day or two weeks and we know our puppies will have the best care ever ! ! mary goes out of her way to make sure all aspects of our furried family are well under control and takes over as both mommy and daddy are away . thank you affordable pet sitter ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i could give 0 stars . i purchased a massage through livingsocial but now the company refuses to book the massage without giving them an additional credit card number . i 've had shady companies charge me before even when they said it was just a card to keep on file . this is beyond shady . i 've paid you for a service and now you refuse to provide that service . good riddance .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this review is for setting appointments place is ridiculous when it comes to scheduling appointments . it is almost impossible to get to someone on the phone . i have called 6 times in the past hour and a half . i got through one time to ask about their groupon deal . when i tried calling back 15 minutes later , no answer . they have scheduling available online but not for couples massages , which is what i purchased my groupon for . hopefully i did not purchase this groupon for nothing ... . will update review when ( more like if ) i get my massage booked there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "having been a member at elements before moving to phoenix , i used a living social offer to check this provider out . scheduling was a bit of a hassle but did finally get it scheduled . the massage was alright other than there were no recommendations or comments at the conclusion . and there were not hot towels and tea as advertised . i was offered water or tea if i wanted to get it myself . the reception area was very worn with the receptionist asking clients where they want to me massaged and how hard , from across the room . the carpeting and upholstery were dirty and it seemed there was some kind of workout therapy room ? right off the side of the reception area with people coming and going . this was probably my worst massage experience ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "accepted my expired groupon with no issues . very good massage , would definitely go back again . an overall enjoyable experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the massage by stacy was excellent but beware . the staff is not at all accomodating when it comes to setting appointments .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i want to review this place as i was admittedly a difficult customer and they handled my issues graciously . i had problems initially with my groupon and with schedule rescheduling and felt like there was a week period were i was on the phone with the front desk everyday . luckily , they were all very nice and accommodating and the two massages i received there were outstanding . i saw elaina the first time and ron the second . both are awesome therapists . i wish i could go back more frequently but they work off a membership service which i ca n't commit to unfortunately . that , and difficulty reaching the front desk ( it always goes to voicemail ) would be my only complaints . otherwise , great experience !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in because of a groupon i purchased for a 90 min couples massage and if i could sum up my experience in one word it 'd be wow ! ! ! i 've had about 100 massages and by far my massage therapist michelle was amazing . best neck and hand massage i 've ever had . after rubbing my neck i still had paid and she then focused on the trigger points and really dug into the problem without cutting anything short on my full body massage ! definitely coming back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lets get the bad out of the way first so we can spend more time on the good . the only flaw they need to work on is the amount of time it takes for them to return your missed calls . i can leave a message in the morning even before they open and it wo n't be returned until the next day . also they should really have a cancellation list , as they are busy and tough to get into sometimes . now for the good ! this place is great ! i have not experience a single bad masseur and i 've been twice and so has my husband . the rooms are quiet , their techniques are advance and on point . i have had rhonda and laura both do my massages and they both listened to my needs and delivered a quality massage . pressure ? on point ! technique ? so advance ! i would definitely recommend this joint !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good massage therapists . my wife and i went there for a massage back in february and had a really good experience . the place was clean and very inviting . the therapists we had were excellent and swedish massage was very relaxing . i would recommend them in the future . the only downside is that their appointments do fill up fairly quickly . i wish they had more availability on the weekends .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "revive massages are the best and most cost effective options in massage therapy . my wife and i took advantage of their super cheap introductory massage session and bought a few sessions beyond because they are that good . rhonda , george and nick were a few of the many excellent people on staff that we used . rest assured , we will be back for more since it is in the same building as my chiropractor . the front desk staff is exemplary and they always have smile on their faces . look out for al , this man will always leave you feeling great about yourself and more positive than when you arrived .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thank you laura s. for the wonderful massage ! i 'm feeling much better and look forward to next visit ! seems like this place improved with the new ownership !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "enjoyed two hours of heaven on earth via the massage escapes spa special this week . got a 90 minute massage and a peppermint foot scrub with hot towel wrap by laura , plus a gift bag of goodies ! have been to other phoenix massage businesses , but this one is the best ! plus i feel great supporting an independent woman-owned business . massage escapes rocks my well being !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "today my wife and i received the best massages we ever had . i had a deep tissue massage and it was great . my wife had a `` normal '' massage and said hers was outstanding . i would highly recommend them . we obtained the massages from living social for holiday gifts and are planning on going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "`` this was our first visit to revive bodyworks . everything ran smoothly ; session started and ended on time , everyone was friendly . their online booking was easy to use . as for the massage itself and our therapists , they were professional , customer oriented , and did a perfect job for us . we asked for 'quiet ' and that 's what we got . it would have been nice to have warmer bedding . would we recommend ? - absolutely . ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fiance purchased a couples massage on groupon for my birthday . the waiting area was nice and all of the people that i encountered , from front desk to masseuse , were very pleasant . the massage area had a peaceful ambiance and the masseuse was nice and quiet , like i requested on my initial paperwork . he used the appropriate amount of pressure . overall , it was an excellent experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently got a massage from tang . the place is clean and tang is very interested in helping people feel better . i am a former massage therapist and we are the hardest to please . thank you for the service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "words ca n't express the experience and amazingly awesome time that is offered . the people are so professional and friendly ... like one happy family and immediately help you feel comfortable and cared for ... very rarely do you find a business that cares so much about the health and well-being of people that are their customers . this establishment is a cut above all others . if there were a ten star rating it would n't be enough to select for this high quality establishment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love supporting this tiny small mom and pop market when i 'm home . however i feel like the groceries are old and sit on the shelf forever ... the staff is young and always friendly ! support local ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought 10-12 steaks hard and grizzely ; it was a special event holiday -- ruined our meal . i went back two owners and butcher made me feel like scam artist taking advantage of them . i brought back the meat , very little was eaten ; they 're mouth dropped ; finally gave me my money back ; any other reputable store would not make their customer feel like a criminal like they did- i now buy as little if anything there . if you have a bad product its your fault not theirs unreal ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love family foods ! i have to be in there 2-3 times a week . they are great for running in for a recipe item or on a busy school night . in and out ! the meat dept . is fantastic too ! the only negative thing i can say is that they used to play really cool 50 's music in there . they have since switched it to 70 's . the 50 's was much better , and i 'm not a nostalgic senior citizen , i 'm in my thirties . lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best pet service in north scottsdale . my dog absolutely loves lori the owner who visits my dog every day . lori feeds him and takes him for walks . when i get home at night my dog is taken care of and i have no worries while i 'm at work . my dog loves lori and so do i . she is a life saver for me and my dog .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike is the best ! we wanted to go away last minute and called just to check availability . mike and his wife not only had an opening but came over to the house within an hour to meet my golden retriever and make sure we were at ease about leaving our `` son '' in good hands . he stayed at the house and slept here so i did n't have to worry about my dog not going outside or eating on time . mike sent daily texts so we did n't worry about anything . i must say i was a little nervous because i am picky with who i let watch my dog . my golden luke loved mike and he even took the garbage out to the curb and i swear the house was cleaner when we returned . great pricing for leaving my prize possession puppy in their hands . i am extremely satisfied with their customer service and the entire experience was a+ . i will be using them again and highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lori is great with cats ! i just moved here and my cats were still a bit shy fro m the move but i had to go out of town . they came out from hiding right away . they were well taken care of and it was nice to get texts from her on how they were doing . i will be calling her whenever i need to go out of town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sugar and i are very happy with mike . mike comes early and super nice with sugar . i recommend their great services . very very happy ~~~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a much better experience this time around ! my husband and i shared the fish tacos and carne asada torta . both dishes were very tasty ! i like the thin slices of onion served with the tacos , and the torta had a nice spicy kick . our server adrian did a wonderful job checking on us . our chips and drinks were never empty . i will definitely come back again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "small place in a stip mall , but it 's cozy with good food ! decent amount of tables to sit at , but i opted for carryout . the carne asada burrito is huge , so i really did n't need the cheese quesadilla that i also ordered . make sure you ask for extra red sauce on the side ( they gave me a whole cup and i am still sweating as i 'm typing this ) . very good meal at a decent price . i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yuck ! i 'd actually rather eat taco bell then go to this place again . i got take-out from here the other day ( beef taco and cheese enchilada combo ) and it was not good at all . the taco shell was store bought cardboard , not freshly fried and authentic and the beef was ground beef , not authentic shredded beef . it also had the tiniest sprinkling of shredded cheese and lettuce . the cheese in the enchilada was all rubbery and solid by the time i got home and ate it ( mind you i only live 5 min . away ) . the rice n beans were nothing to call home about . definitely not authenic mexican food and definitely not worth your money . will not return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so + i love this place , especially the queso fundido -- queso with chorizo ... . yummy , yummy chorizo . : ) awesome free chips and salsa , we always have to push the chips away because we could clear the whole basket before the food arrives . serving sizes are gigantic . everything we 've had is good , but the shredded beef is definitely better than the ground beef . we always bring back leftovers . support the locals ! service is good and food is fabulous - love this place ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor service . took forever for waiter to ask us what we wanted , then a long time to get the food . waited one hour for a mediocre torta . wife had grilled chicken 7 compas and said it wasnt good . there are way better mexican places than this with much better service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried it once , probably would n't come again . there are way to many choices for quality mexican food in the valley to settle for this . we were questioning whether the beans and salsas were from a jar , and that is a clear indicator of poor quality . my wife 's first comment after trying the hot sauce was `` i think this is bad ... ? '' inexpensive - yes , was i full - very , happy spending my money on it - absolutely not .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great food for a cheap price . free chips and great salsa with every order . pick up takes less than ten min on a busy night . i would reccommend asking for hot salsa if you like the fire !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with one reviewer , skip it and hit taco bell or del taco . those places are way more mexican than that this place ( scary to say ) . the chips are ok but the salsa is like catsup . had the fajitas , way to greasy ! ! beans are dried out and paste like , seem to be from a can . not great service either waited forever for drink refills and one meals was super late too . i love mexican food and this place is far from even americanized mexican food like serranos or casa blanca , it 's way worse ! i would skip this place and find something else to eat . sorry ... .7 friends not so good .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "even garcia 's is better than this dive ! ! in 20 years of living in arizona , this was the worst mexican food ever . my chimichanga ( which is hard to screw up , by the way ) was soggy , runny , and cold . customer service was horrible . the waiter did n't return to refill drinks at all . one person in our party did n't receive their food -- we had to flag someone down and by the time he received it , everyone else had been finished with their food for 10 minutes . do n't waste your time or money . try cantina laredo at san tan village or la parilla suiza .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is a family owned and operated business ! so few and far between here in az . the recipes are homemade , and the cheese dip is amazing ! i am very happy with everything i 've tried at los siete ( it was started by 7 friends , which is what the name translates to `` the 7 friends '' ) the portions are generous for the price ... my husband and i can get 2 meals , margaritas for $ 20 . the staff is very friendly , and the food is made with love . very happy to be a proud patron of los 7 compadres .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "do not order doors from this company under any circumstances . after they received my payment of $ 13k they stopped returning my calls . the door panels i finally received were not operable and after a year of threatening legal action via voicemail , i finally received only 2 replacement panels that were even worse than the originals . the engineering on their product is second rate and i would avoid them at all costs !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i spent almost $ 30,000 for patio doors . their certified dealer in the cincinnati area installed them incorrectly . they do not slide easily and i was told by the area sales manager that they were not installed properly . the area manager told me what i needed to do to repair them which meant hiring another contractor to do it right . i stated that it should be their responsibility to make the corrections . he suggested that i call an attorney . i am very sorry that i used this product .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you want the job done right make sure you go somewhere else . if you have an issue after your windows and doors are installed and they have been paid they will do nothing . all of their employees are counting the days until they find another job run go elsewhere horrible service and way overpriced", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we bought several tens of thousands of dollars worth of panda windows for a home renovation in nyc . to make a long story short , panda windows are low quality , over-priced , badly-designed windows . while they are spec 'd for cold climates , our windows were drafty and would not shut properly . customer service was awful , and the company does not stand behind it 's work . they tried to blame us for not using a panda-certified installer -- well , after several phone calls to the office , they finally admitted they did n't have a certified installer in the new york area we could have used in the first place and refused to stand behind their product . we ended up replacing every window . do not waste your money . there are much better windows available for better prices .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was looknig for windows that had better insulation as we do n't have much shade coverage . i went for the thermally broken aluminum windows , which by name does n't sound good , however they keep the temperature control better than any normal windows and i am able to use my ac and heater less which saves me a ton in the long run . i am not scientific but if you check them out you can read all the specs if that is something you can do and understand . i took time to call and get questions answered which helped me make the choice that i did .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i lived here for one yr , as i rearly ever have hot water ! i also have water leaks under bathroom sink & kitchen sink . the shower drains very slow , flooding !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "you will love the wonderful , friendly management team at cascada del sol they really care for their residents . priscilla the manager is very accommodating and lupe is very helpful with anything that arises . they are very pet friendly they 're grounds are always clean . my georgie girl is very happy here ( she is my little chihuahua ) . all apartments have been updated and look great . you 'll be happy to call this place home .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was referred here by a friend after being in a rear end collision . let me just sayd , i absolutely love this clinic ! ! dr fair dr teddy sim are extremely polite and knowledgeable . everything was explained to me in detail and i was never pushed into something that was n't needed for me . i definitely will be coming back on a monthly basis for adjustments !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to dr. ted for months and can not express how thankful i am to be his patient . i 've been to other chiropractors before but have not experienced the relief i receive from adjustments like i do when he adjusts me . he has helped the subluxation in my spine to the point in which i no longer experience tinnitus or headaches . when i suffered a back injury and was in so much pain i could n't touch my toes , dr. ted treated my injury . he monitored me closely and made sure i was progressing and showing signs of improvement . he had a plan for me and helped with my recovery without the use of more invasive measures . dr. ted is knowledgable , approachable , and cares for his patients . he truly had a steady clientele and has a following of other patients who feel the same way as i do !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff and doctors are friendly and the place is always clean.i will recommend this clinic to anyone who needs proper treatment", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was amazed with the physical therapy area , the staff knows the latest and most effective exercises to rehabilitate an injured back after a car accident injury . every time i went i never had to wait , very relaxed environment . the doctors are very careful with the adjustments . they know you are injured so they apply the right amount of pressure . the doctors explained me exactly what i had and how it would be the recovery process . xrays are on site so that saved me a trip . my advice for anybody that goes to the neck and back clinic is that please follow their directions , f they tell you to do specific exercises at home or do n't allow you to do certain activities , do it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been working out at bodies for pilates for several months and have experienced fantastic results . i no longer have back and sciatic pain . i strongly recommend this studio , paula is extremely knowledgeable and very conscientious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best pilates studio in henderson or las vegas . paula taught me pilates over 8 years ago . she tailors your work out for what you want to achieve . is so knowledgable on every pilates movement and the anatomy . i would highly recommend bodies by pilates to anyone who wants to have a very trim , perfectly toned body !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "body by pilates is the best studio in henderson . all the ladies are professional and highly educated in all aspects of pilates . they make it fun and challenging . the studio is beautiful inside with well maintained equipment . always so peaceful inside . keira was my trainer and i loved her . she is fun and kind . she really cares about making sure you get the most benefit you can from pilates . she worked with me for 4 months and it made all the difference with my strength , flexibility , posture . it 's expensive but worth it . if the time comes that i need to go back i would n't hesitate to contact this studio again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the facilities are very nice . the instructors are very knowledgeable and a very patient . they take their time to make sure you know exactly how to do each move correctly so you 're getting the most out it . if you have any back problems i highly recommend trying them out . i have lower back problems and have not had a day where i been curled up in bed and could n't move due to back pain since i started .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bodies by pilates it 's a wonderful place to not only work out your entire body but it is also a great place to have fun in a class setting . kiera is a wonderful instructor who has excellent knowlede and motivational skills . the hour class always goes by way too quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is hard to find unless you work in the building . kevin 's deli is inside of webster hall in oakland and it 's a great little deli that i 've done for lunch many times . prices are really cheap and there 's a surprisingly large menu selection given the tiny size of the place . anything from deli sandwiches , to hamburgers , to omelets , to fried food . there is no seating so everyone orders to go and i think most people work in the building or next door . i believe they also do delivery but have n't used it . the owner who runs the place is friendly and so are the other staff .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it took me a long time to get here and i wish i had come here sooner ! the sandwiches were filling , the service was incredibly nice and generous , and the price and location are perfect for college kids . the deli is right in webster hall ( you may get a little turned around ) but just keep walking and you 'll find those golden gates a sign that says kevin 's deli ... i got the tuna salad and he even threw in a bag of chips since it was my first time going ! the meal was filling with any choice of bread ( white , wheat , and rye ) with lettuce and tomato . i loved my tuna salad , perfectly creamy and not too fishy . i definitely want to go again and by the end of the year i 'll hopefully eat everything on the menu . everything .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one reason i miss living , working , and going to school in oakland is because of kevin 's deli . now the only time i can get here is on a day off . the food is soo good ! breakfast and lunch , delicious ! sadly , a lot of people may not know about it because it 's not visible from the street where it 's located in webster hall . i heard about it via word of mouth years ago . i recommend calling ahead as lunch time can get pretty busy . kevin and roger are awesome and super friendly . i love the buffalo chicken salad , but you ca n't miss with the other entr\u00e9es . when there 's pound cake available , make sure you get a slice . the deli is small with no seating inside . there are tables outside of webster hall though . street parking is available nearby . cash and cards are accepted .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love there pasta salad as well as their egg salad ... sandwiches are great too but i wish they used thicker sandwich bread instead of the kind you would buy when packing your kids lunch . they offer decent specials and combos and a cooler full of lots of drinks . no place to sit inside the building but there are four picnic tables with umbrellas outside that would work just fine , only if it summer of course nice lil deli snack place for in between class quick lunch.. : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was my go-to when i lived in webster hall - perfect for a quick bite of deli-style goodness after a long day of classes . i 'm not going to lie , the food is n't top-notch quality , but it gets the job done ( especially if the job is satiating a hungry , grumpy student . ) i ordered gyros on the regular here and very adamantly looked the other way when the meat was taken out of the freezer , instead of off a rotating spit . what brought me back day after day was n't the food ; it was the engaging , personable staff . kevin is just the sort of delightful , cheery person who can raise your mood after a grueling day ( read : every day in graduate school . ) be prepared to wait in line , since this place is a favorite among webster hall residents and tenants from neighboring apartments !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "really great for an out of towner ! found kevin 's on yelp and decided to give it a try after visiting phipps . small little place but really know how to do business . very patient while we figured out what to order and did n't feel rushed at all . prices are phenomenal , but the chicken hoagie was out of this world . if i am ever in the area again , kevin 's deli will be on my list of places to stop . i really hope they expand their business and space to accommodate for their future success", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time ordering from kevin 's deli . took awhile to get our delivery . kevin himself delivered it and gave us drinks for free . the fried chicken strips and fries were warm when we got them which is good considering it was cold outside . the chicken was crispy and tender , not dry and the fries were good . the prices are great for the area and would definitely order from them again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a not-too-expensive , delicious reuben half a block away from where i work ? ! score ! i have n't tried anything other than the reuben yet , but i do n't know if i ever will because it 's so good and filling . perfect comfort food for a cold day and you ca n't beat the price . i always ask for the dressing on the side . i ordered online and it was ready in about 10 minutes . i work a block away so it 's super convenient . they 're always friendly . i wish they had sweet potato fries on their menu . then it would be perfect .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just started working in the websterhall building . they told me there was a deli downstairs and i went to check it out . the food smelled great and the prices were affordable . i decided to try a tuna melt ... . after my first bite i knew working at this job i would welcome 5 pounds because of kevin 's deli downstairs thanks for a great first experience ! it was delicious !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the chef salad . large salad with lots of delicious ham , turkey , and cheese . the ranch dressing tasted homemade . very filling but i could n't stop eating !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is probably the cheapest place to get a good filling meal or snack quickly . the best thing is the service . kevin provides good company while he cooks and is very generous . this was the first time i went there and he gave me a free drink and potato salad . the veggie burger i got was big and good . it was n't the best veggie burger i 've had but still very satisfying .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got to try kevin 's deli when i was in town for a dental school interview at pittsburgh . i came across this fine gem on yelp . it was located near my hotel nestled in a little apartment complex ? -- it was a little difficult to find ... but i 'm glad i did ! this small shop has a large menu with some of the happiest workers that ive ever encountered . the food was delicious and kevin recommended that i try the steak hoagie . very good ! since it was my first visit kevin let me grab whatever i wanted to drink -- -on him ! it was their great attitude and good food that motivated me to write this review . heck i would go to this place just to put myself in a good mood ! their upbeat attitude and comforting food gave me a sense of 'mood therapy ' that made the end of my trip to pittsburgh great ! thanks guys", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you ca n't go wrong with anything on the menu . and you will get cravings , trust me ! great people making great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kevin 's deli is a great little place for lunch ! just had the steak salad . all the veggies were very fresh , crisp , hot fries and perfectly cooked steak ! it was delicious ! prices are very reasonable ! kevin is a super nice guy ... always smiling and talking to his customers ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was really good . specially for the price . i paid $ 5 for an awesome fish sandwich . the staff were more than friendly the place itself is small and it has no seats but there are seats outside the building . it might not be perfect for rainy wheather . this did n't cause me to lower my review . but , if you are really picky on the architectural designs and comfyness of the place you might want to reconsider going there . the food is definitely great for the price . i will definitely go there again . we tried the fish sandwich , grilled reuben and steak hoagie and all was very tasty . i would suggest all . just , the reuben was a smaller sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eat here ! the staff is friendly and helpful . the potato salad is perfect and the sandwiches are tasty . eat local , not chain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this hidden gem should be on everyone 's list ! kevin runs a busy place but he makes time to chat up his customers . and his food is great . the gyros ( jie-rows ) were delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hidden gem ! had lunch here a couple of times . food is always hot , fresh and delicious ! kevin is a very nice guy ! very reasonable prices . do n't bypass this one folks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my . so finding the place was a little difficult , but as everyone says , it 's right inside webster hall . if you enter using the doors near those tables outside , it 's inside on the left . i had the wingdings and fries , and they were fabulous . reminded me of the wings i used to get back home in alabama . the guys working were super nice , and i will definitely be back to try everything else on the menu . btw , breakfast is served the whole time they 're open !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great random find inside webster hall . seriously , check it out for lunch . cheap food , small dive , takes card , prices are great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kevin deli is a small hole in the wall located inside webster hall . the space is small , so there 's no sitting area . you can place your order for pick up or delivery . ordered a garden burger with fries . very nice veggie patty served on a nice and soft bun . fries were ok , nothing special . great food especially for the prices . total meal costed less than $ 7 . its a great option for lunch . awesome value for the price . definitely recommend giving it a try !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food was top tier and was delivered to my house around 9 am . was a fanatastic way to fill up on a nice meal before midterms .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place ! easy to get to and the food is always comforting and delicious . steak salads are great ! the guys are always friendly and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place does not do dine in because it 's a small cozy little place in webster hall . but they do pickup , takeout and delivery , which is even better . this is my first time to kevin 's and was treated w a free pen , a buy 7 get 1 free card and a homemade pound cake ( or a free drink , i chose the cake , which was soon proved to be the right decision ! ) with my order . i ordered a grilled reuben sandwich and it was soooo good , much better than the one i had in eat unique in south craig ave . unlike the overly grilled bread i got in eatunique , the bread here was grilled to perfection . the homemade pound cake is really good , too . ok ! decision made : this place will be my future lunch place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "of all the raspado places in town i have tried , tropical snowflake raspados is the best . located in a mostly empty and dated strip mall on 32nd st , north of mcdowell , tropical snowflake raspados is a small , but clean establishment that will surprise your taste buds . they have many snacks to choose from , i get their mangoneadas , which are the top ! instead of using ice and adding mango syrup , they use frozen mango and fresh mango pieces to the top , plus some other tamarind candy treats ! i also tried their duros preparados . these were really good and could make decent lunch . they also have ice cream and aguas , plus other sweet treats you will enjoy . give them a try , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's my first time to try it here . it 's so good , delicious with fresh tropical mango . hummm . yum yum tried some other place . here still be the best . wish this place closer to my house , then can be regular customer . anyway will be back soon . ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute place ! ! ! my husband and wanted a sweet treat and this was in our neighborhood . lots of people enjoying themselves . i am not sure what i got ... sambores i think . fresh mango ice with a scoop of vanilla ice cream . yummy ! wes got a strawberry sundae ... which was gone in 5 seconds ! ! check it out for a place to beat the heat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great authentic tasting raspados medium size is around $ 3 i tried ciruela & tamarindo raspados they were good ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love love it ! ! yummy for our tummy ! ! ! everything on the menu is delicious ! reasonable prices", "score": "5"}
{"review": "authentic antojitos ! this place is amazing and has lots of options . raspados , chamoyadas , tostilocos and so much more ! if you 're looking for a snack during work , after work or on the weekend , this place is the spot . definitely coming back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to the scottsdale location twice now . both times i really liked what i had . tonight , i ordered the mangonada . not too spicy , not too salty , except the salted plum , just the right amount of sweet !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came across this place a couple of months ago ordered 5 chamoyadas for my family they enjoyed every last bite . friendly and great customer service . been back every other weekend ever since .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm very remiss for not writing a review ! i 've been coming here since they opened and tropical has never let me down . lovely people and great food . my favorites are the fresas congeladas con crema ( frozen strawberries with creme ) and chamoyada ( your choice of fruit with chamoy , shaved ice , lime and magic fairy dust ! ) . recently i tried the mangoneada ( frozen mango ) which is also fabulous and i uploaded a picture . go and get one . now ! right now ! and they have a loyalty card . and no , i do n't any stock . but i would if they offered it . and if they franchise , i want to know ! jaja", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first time trying this kind of desert and i really liked it . we had a strawberry chamoyada and a vanilla raspado . the staff was very helpful with explaining everything to us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a medium chamoyada for $ 3.99 with tax . a chamoyada comes with shaved iced , fruit juice of your choice ( i got mango ) , chamoy , chili powder , lime , tamarind candy , and japanese peanuts . i ordered mine without peanuts . it was very delicious but waaaaay too sweet for my liking . i think the mango juice over powered the whole thing . next time i will ask for extra chamoy to balance out the sweetness . at first , the lady put peanuts on them , but as soon as she was about to hand it to me , she remembered i said no peanuts . without hesitation she made me one without peanuts , so it was a big plus for me . the service is quick and they have a large menu to choose from . i will most likely return and try something else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tropical snowflake raspados.. all our cocktail de elote taste like water and cold when is suppose to be hot , costumer service was by two girls , really poor in every moment , like they do n't care . we had to call them out loud from inside every time we need to buy more things , that was annoying . so sad they got new ownership , in conclusion , 2 families wo n't come back for sure .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my husband wanted something sweet to end the night , so i headed to tropical snowflake . the employees were very nice and helpful . it was delicious . i recommend getting ice cream and sweet and condensed milk on top .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was craving an ice cold treat and found ourselves here . very authentic mexican treats . chamoyada and mangonada were delicious ! also serves thrifty ice cream for the less adventurous . we 'll definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're lookin for a snow cone made with real fruit , this place has them ... oh man , they are something of another planet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here during the middle of a warm weekday . the lady behind the counter was hard to hear because of the buzzing of machinery , but we eventually got my order through . the place is small and fills up quickly when groups start coming in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "delicious smoked meat , friendly waiters , relaxed atmosphere , i love abie 's and you ca n't go wrong if you are craving for a good smoked meat ! they have smoked chicken too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "abie 's smoked meat in the west island is a delivery and pick-up place which happens to serve a sit-down menu . when we arrived there , the room was nearly empty and this was during dinner hour . the room was being tended to by one server , who more or less , was n't really able to communicate so well . there was a bit of resistance when it came to explaining what was on the menu . the food was just about average . the burger with smoked meat was acceptable . the smoked meat portion was the component that actually saved the burger . go there for smoked meat , that 's what they 're good at .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "had the lunch special smoked meat sandwich and was thoroughly unimpressed . the meat in the sandwich was extremely dry and the meat itself covered half of the small piece of bread on either side . contrary to other reviewers , i can only wonder what i did to deserve dry , flaky , caught-in-my-throat meat . in a city where smoked meat is iconic , there 's no reason to go back to abie 's for their subpar offering . yuck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "what can i say this has to be no i know it is the best smokemeat i 've ever had . juicy it runs down your hand , it is so packed with meat i have to take some out just to fit in my mouth , it just melts in your mouth ! ! ! ! ! ! will be going next week for my birthday going to try the steak this time ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're craving smoked meat and not planning on driving to st-laurent for schwartz , finding parking and lining up outside anytime soon , then abie 's is a pretty good option . their meat is super tender and delicious , bread , fries , coleslaw- it hits the spot . the only complaint i have is their `` open ouvert '' sign is not turned off even though it 's closed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they used to be very good , but over the years things changed . they began to buy beef at a lower quality . and it shows . most of the time it is tough . in the last year they changed the meat again . now it is tough and very salty.an insider with the restaurant rolled their eyes each time i complained . they agreed with me but of course couldnt say anything . i 'm finished complaining i 'm finished with abies .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "abie 's is one of two deli 's i know of that still do things right . that 's to say , the brisket is properly seasoned and smoked , hand sliced . the service i 've received while casual is always thorough and down-to-earth . i 'm sorry for mark g 's experience but am also surprised , & wonder if he asked for medium smoked meat sandwich ( best meat to fat ratio ) . i 'm sure if he 'd commented to the server the sandwich would have been replaced pronto .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not crowded at all yet food took forever . then both of our meals came cold . then took another long wait to get reheated . my mom 's soup cane back second time looking bizarrely different in consistency . server was nice but obviously the chefs are lacking . mashed potatoes marguerite thing is a bit scary . the salad was limp and dressings are nothing to write home about . the southwest vinaigrette is disgusting with a fake mesquite smokey taste . it 's a beautiful restaurant - perhaps have a have drink there but would n't recommend eating there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am really not sure what they are trying to do here . the whole theme is off . the sign has horses pulling a stagecoach and you walk in and there is an enormous bar but the whole place has just a bland feeling to it . then to the confusing menu . it 's a mix of sushi japanese food with mexican sort of ? the food was bland too and overpriced . i had some sort of roll that had cooked chicken in it that had no taste . for some reason it took forever to come out . the prices are too high for what they offer . drinks are expensive too . the bartenders are great though . think they need a makeover all around .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is just not good ... . atmosphere is off , the service is sparse , and the menu is a total mystery ... . they have an okay bar which i could see myself grabbing a drink at but that would be it ... check out grassroots next door . better menu , space , and service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "tonight i had the absolute pleasure of dining at scottsdale station . i am humbled to say that this was one of the most amazing and fulfilling dining experiences i have ever had . the food was cooked to perfection and the servers were excited and delighted to bring me every single joy i ordered . my biggest compliment is to the beauteous owner , linda . she took the time out of her clearly busy evening to ask me about my experience and ensure i had everything i needed . if you do n't come here you 're palate is experiencing extreme neglect .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and superior service . i. brought 2 guests in with me for dinner sunday night and had a fantastic time . the food and beverage menus are quite extensive and very unique . our server ( josh ) was veery attentive and did an excellent job of educating us on the menu and recommending some great dishes . everything we ordered was timed perfectly and the wine service was top notch . the decor is very clean and comfortable and the kitchen does an awesome job with the food . kudos to the owners . we will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely great food . the bartender jamie is very friendly . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the server over charge and double charged my card . so im never going back . the hummus plate was really good but the pita bread seemed stale . the calamri was really good with a spicy dipping sauce . the tortilla soup tasted homemade . really delicious . but server partrick seemed aloof and ruined my christmas shipping budget", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent presentation . nice decor ( unchanged from painted pony ) calamari appetizer so so . good service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we were so happy to see a new restaurant close to home . we went 1st for lunch and then lunch a week later . both times we loved the food . we thought it was interesting and different than the regular menu you find everywhere . i 'm a vegetarian and the waiter the 2nd visit was great and very helpful on recommending options for me . we 'll be new regulars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food is very creative . service is spotty , but better this time than last . drink list is expansive and wine list to match . they have a happy hour white wine ( chardonnay ) that is quite good ! ! i have been here three times , since i live close by , and it keeps getting better ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ambience is amazing and the owners , robert and linda are wonderful people . as far as the service it could have been more efficient but the food was good although i could taste that it was not home made . as a culinarian it is obvious when a restaurant uses a tremendous amount of canned product and artificial ingredients . with that being said , for the over 60 year old clientele that they are providing for , it must be a hit . i hope that the rest of the local community that has a palate for real food wo n't have a problem eating good food made with artificial ingredients .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "patio is pet friendly . excellent staff . everyone super nice . food is excellent but a tad pricy but good sized portions . we had the brunch and it came with bottomless champagne . excellent service . i would recommend them and will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "were disappointed when carefree station closed . however very happy to find the same owners operating scottsdale station . we ate there thursday night and were extremely pleased with the service and the food . the seabass was prepared to perfection . the portion size was just right , and it was not overly burdened with sauces . just clean high-quality food . they were very accommodating to one of the members of our party who is gluten-free , and she truly enjoyed the pad thai . i would n't hesitate to give this restaurant a strong positive recommendation , and i wish them good luck .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yay ! i was so sad when the spotted donkey closed , it was my favorite patio near work for lunch . and i love the prescott station , but prescott is so far away . so then ... dreams came true when they opened a scottsdale station in the old spotted donkey ! two great patios , extensive menu , very fresh ingredients . delish !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent coffee shop ( which serves cocktails at night ) that serves a full breakfast . we happened in just before santa ( and his dj ) were supposed to arrive on a saturday morning . so we quickly drank our hot teas , latte , and coffees while enjoying various pastries and biscuits . the staff was great and made some lovely latte art for my aunt . the tea selection was ok and i wish they had it posted somewhere instead of just a ring with cards flavors . definitely a spot i would use for a quick meal snack and a beverage if i was in the area again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tree city is rapidly becoming my favorite place in kent . ths drive thru makes it appear a little chain-y , but its totally not . most of the pastries are house made too . the bagels are damn tasty ( i really liked the breakfast sandwich with eggs , spinach , and mushrooms ) , i normally get those . but sunday i got a maple roll and eggnog latte and they hit the spot ! oh , and their retail selection is pretty awesome as well , they sell decent beers and wines .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "expensive and the food is mediocre . not impressed with the atmosphere either . if you 're the kind who likes over priced coffee while you work on your novel , then this place is for you .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i agree with the other poster earlier in this thread . tree city gets it right in some ways . terrific ambience , amazing baked goods , and a decent cup of coffee and or latte , espresso . i believe what they are lacking in is the customer service . usually the front counter are okay and greet you with smiles . some of the baristas mostly girls seem pissed off and never smile . i thanked one today and all she could do is give me an angry look . i do n't think i 'll be going back . they could take lessons of good customer service from bent tree or scribbles .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "if you 're a resident of kent or a student at kent state , tree city is a staple coffee shop to visit . i 'm not even a huge coffee fan , but tree city is my favorite place to go when i want a nice drink . although i 'm not a coffee lover , tree city has all kinds of other drinks and snacks which are super good ! i usually get the apple chai tea and one of the breakfast sandwiches or cake pops . tree city also has overnight oats that i often buy for the next day . the aesthetic of this place is super cozy , local and hipster , which i love . i 've often come here to work on homework , and it 's proved to be a great place to study . if you 're ever in kent , i would definitely recommend branching out to tree city .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have coconut milk ! ! ! so that makes them a winner . i wish this place was here when i went to college . its amazing . its also an independent business which is even better . they atmosphere is great and studying here would be my next goal- if i still had to study . : ) oh- and most importantly , the coffee was good and the snacks were great . we had the oatmeal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am reviewing tree city as a coffee shop . the fact that they offer so much food and wine takes away from the coffee effect to me . it suggests that they are n't as dedicated to coffee as they should be . design at tree city is a somewhat modern polished theme with a bit of an unrefined twist . pretty cool , i guess . 7 of 10 quality of coffee : better than 2nd wave by a good little ways but not quite up to 3rd wave yet . from what i hear they use mostly local organic products . 14 out of 20 price : for what you 're getting i 'd give it a 8 out of 10 . baristas : i have n't noticed anything outstanding in either a good or bad way , although some of the other reviews make it sound like there can be some fairly rude staff . i guess figure that out for yourself . 7 out of 10 total : 36 out of 50", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has been a staple for college students , professionals and families since it got here . we always get the iced mocha lattes and sandwiches . awesome service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "other yelpers have already written the book on tree city , but i will add that their packaged coffees make excellent presents . today two helpful staff members advised me on a locally-produced variety that would appease a starbucks-addicted acquaintance . they were knowledgeable , friendly , and made the transaction quick and easy , with a nice gift bag too boot . the packaged coffees are located on shelves right as you walk in , packed in brown paper bags for maximum tempting aromas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a small group of friends who went there after getting donuts across the street at peace , love , and little donuts ( highly recommend ! ) . we bought delicious drinks to go with our donuts . then we were told we could n't eat our donuts there ! i was devastated and wanted to return my drink - which is apparently not allowed at coffee shops . i would not recommend tree city due to their silly and poor customer service . we will not be returning and will instead boycott from across the street while eating delicious mini-donuts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place holds a very soft part of my heart i do n't know if it 's just something about when you walk in and you can be in a crowd of people at a coffee shop and just lose yourself even though so many people are there , there 's a beautiful ornamental tree figured around the fireplace that 's always running and plus there 's a drive-through just in case you want to get that graham cracker latte on the way . i 've got to say in her numerous times we 've gone it 's whimsical , we buy beans here , there 's little pastries and food you can order for breakfast and the staff is very nice really nothing to ever complain about .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was always a favorite of mine as a student at ksu , and i absolutely had to visit again . it was just as i remember it . i ordered my old favorite -- a maple latte , almond milk . it was wonderful . the staff is incredibly friendly and the drinks are made well and made quick . my only regret is that there is no tree city in georgia , where i live now . guess i just have to come visit more often ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is addictive . not every barista is a breath of fresh air , but the coffee is amazing . maple latte is a staple when i ca n't choose , but their seasonal options are always great . try the maple bacon cupcakes ! absolutely decadent and just remembering them will make your mouth water . the atmosphere is wonderful . yes , occasional hipster glares , but with the crackling fireplace in the winter and the big open front in the spring and summer you quickly find yourself not wanting to leave . great place for a first date , a quiet study , or catching up with old friends . oh , yeah . organic wines as your carryout ? sold .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "met a few friends here for coffee this afternoon . one friend had n't been to kent for nearly 30 years , and i was excited to show her the new downtown . i 'm sorry to say i was extremely embarrassed by the dirty tables and dirty floors . next time we are going to meet at baked in the village .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not a better place in downtown kent to spend some time . read a book , scan the trades , meet a friend , catch up on the news -- all great things to do here . staff is great -- friendly and knowledgeable -- and you can order must about anything you 'd expect at an upscale coffee house . happy that tree city calls kent home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite places in kent . the drinks are pricey , but worth it for the quality and to support a local business . the pastries are top notch - i recommend their cayenne cheddar biscuits with butter . the staff is ridiculously friendly . bonus : if i drive through for my drink and my dog is in the car , she usually gets a free treat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best coffee in kent . consistently good . consistently clean . friendly staff who can help you figure out what you want .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the atmosphere . the iced latte was good -- - a little too much milk relative to coffee . very friendly staff . the muffins , scones ( sweet and savory ) and cupcakes in the case look amazingly delicious ! parking is limited out front .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nothing special , the cafe was ok and the coffee was ok but really nothing special . certainly a notch above the chains but i guess i have been spoiled by great coffee places on the west coast and this is in ohio ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just happened to stumble across this place one day . reminds me of a starbucks but aimed more towards a healthier choice . they have pb & j sandwiches which are delicious . different choices of jams and toasted or untasted gives it a different variety than a normal pbj . reasonably priced .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "travelling from asheville , nc to ravenna , oh and stopping at highly rated shops along the way . tree city has by far been the best so far . atmosphere is fantastic whether you are a college student or a family . very attractive and clean . great selection of food items . one thing that stands out is their milk offerings . of all the places i 've stopped they have dairy , almond and coconut milk to choose from . almond milk is replacing soy in the industry , so this shows me the owner takes quality seriously . recently switched from a super to a simonelli automatic . a great step . i 'm giving four out of five stars for barista training . the girl obviously had been trained by starbucks , so her milk texturing needed some work . clean bar , though . good wand maintenance tells me a lot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is a great , local alternative to the typical starbucks or dunkin donuts . the coffee is local , they feature tasty seasonal drinks , and did i mention the homemade breads and peanut butter ? the ambience is perfect , with a garage style door that opens in the summer for fresh air and a sculptured fireplace in the middle that is on during the winter . i personally like to come here to read , and while i was still in school , when they first opened , found it a great study spot . they will also buy out your starbucks dunkin gift cards and replace them with their own , if you have any hanging around . a nice way to support local !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great ambiance . i imagine that this would be a nice place to sit and work or read or people watch at the big , open tables . a little strange it had a drive through but i guess that 's a mid-west thing i forget about after living in california . it did give a fast-food type vibe to it , which took away from the cozy environment it could have . i was a little disappointed in the coffee - the roast did n't taste very distinct or strong . actually ... it tasted watered down . it seemed the focus was on ancillary beverages , but should n't a coffee house have great coffee ? i am not sure that this place has that focus - i believe i also saw wine there ? i think this place could lend a cool environment like brady 's had , but it needs a better coffee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to this coffee shop since it opened and was employed there for a short period of time . i love the quality of coffee with many organic choices . the flavor of any coffee chosen outdoes starbucks ' burned beans any day ! the espresso is outstanding . organic peanut butter is amazing as well . all ingredients for food are always fresh and it keeps me coming back for breakfast almost every morning ! the interior reflects the amazingness which is unlike any coffee shop i 've visited . it 's hands down the best coffee establishment in kent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple times because it is close to my apartment in kent . the breakfast sandwiches and peanut . utter sandwiches are quite good and the drinks are also very tasty . i must say that i find their prices to be pretty high for the quality . i do n't find this place extraordinary but it 's not terrible either . the space is very open and large . a good place to meet friends or do homework .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place . it 's such a cozy coffee shop and they have the best drinks ! it 's reasonably priced and the employees are very nice and cool . i recommend tree city to all of my friends ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice employees and a good , clean open space to have your java . so far every sweet treat i 've tried has been excellent . the cupcakes here look incredibly decadent but i have n't tried them yet . the best part is they have a drive-thru . i 'm sure i 'll be here often over the next two painful years at ksu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . a local cafe in the middle of a small town , with good quality coffee and warm environment was all i needed : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is very cute . the employees are super nice and they have really good coffee . a nice place to come and relax . 5 stars out of 5 : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved it ! ! the baristas were very kind and helpful ! ! they only had two roasts available , though , which i thought was a little lacking . if i lived closer , this would definitely be a regular spot for me , though !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "their coffee is great and they have lots of alternative options ( almond milk , soy , vegan options ) but their prices are quite high !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good coffee , fresh building , nice staff . great place to hang out . that was sort of the downside during my visit . had to stalk out a table . place was packed with like 30 people on laptops . i guess that 's to be expected during finals . they seemed to keep up with the orders well regardless .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm not a huge fan of their coffee because it 's very sweet , but ask and they will customize it for you by lessening the syrups pumps etc ! ( they are really nice people ) . i love their tea , their overnight oats , and think it 's really neat they also sell cocktails at night ! it 's my favorite spot to get work done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cafe in kent ! great service , friendly servers , great homemade pastries , and a decent cup of coffee . has a very welcoming environment and great fireplace !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "get their iced coffee . so so good . homemade pastries and other baked goods . can be noisy . love that they have a drive thru .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a must stop when in kent ! delicious ! ! ! amazing staff and wonderful college town atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent coffee & pastry choices . very friendly staff , only 1 seemed to want to share her bad mood , everyone else was smiling & engaging . the drinks have been good , regardless of my choice of the day . the environment is bright & open with plenty of outlets , which lets me know they understand their customers : - ) . the clientele is ecclectic . overall a great place to spend some quiet time ! i 'm glad i found it : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while the location is prime for any downtown kent-sort-of-activity , and the decor and atmosphere relaxing and inviting , the drink menu needs to seriously be revised . there have been several times when i 've walked in , ordered one of their fancy-sounding , one of a kind drinks that i 've never seen any coffee shop make , and instantly regret within the first sip . even some of the more classic and traditional drinks such as the seasonal pumpkin spice latte and green tea latte were disappointing in flavor . i would seriously recommend those who work there to taste test the concoctions that tree city is making up and putting on the list and answer yourself truthfully if it should be place on the menu at all and if it is work $ 4.60 . i will add however that the breakfast sandwiches are amazing . bravo to however put those together , i have never wanted to throw one away after taking a bite .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great coffee ! wonderful pastries ! my 3 and 4 year olds loved the pb and fluff sandwich ( shared ) was also great . the free cucumber water was a nice touch and very refreshing . i will go again and perhaps use the drive thru on my garage sale adventures ! zoe .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad i wandered into this place during my day visit to kent . the foam on my cappuccino was like a cloud on an espresso spot . their pb & j sandwich is definitely worth a trying . the staff is super friendly and nice . tonnes of seating and plugs for chargers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing maple latte and a tasty egg and cheese breakfast sandwich . my son and husband got peanut butter sandwiches , which were also tasty ( albeit a bit too thick bread ) . a great atmosphere - really fun plce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i only drink black coffee and an occasional cappuccino ... both are wonderful here . i dropped in to get some work done and it has a really organic look and feel ... i 'm a good way . pretty sweet abstract metal tree sculpture towering over the whole center of the cafe . pretty unique layout with storage under your bench seat and a lot of power outlets ! ! ! it 's a great cafe !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "good latte and nice services ! ! ! i like the fact they always making better coffee than starbucks in kent . and you can have a glass of wine after 4p everyday ! also , more cozy relaxing spaces than other coffee shops .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "these local owners studied what the students and citizens of kent would want in a coffee shop and what they found is what they put into their business ! this is such a cozy place for students and citizens to come and work ( with more than enough convenient electrical outlets ! ) their drinks are original and their cupcakes and other pastries are to die for . you 'll find me here often on weekend mornings ! ( ps . the place gets a bit crowded around midterms and finals . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me start by saying that i do n't dislike tree city ; i just dislike their coffee . i like to buy my beans locally , but from what i understand , most of their beans are not fair trade , and therefore defeats the purpose ( i think ) of buying locally . i also think a lot of the roasts are very bitter and not what worth what they charge . that being said , the atmosphere is nice and it 's a decent spot for studying or meeting up with a friend . the staff is very helpful and always friendly , and i do stop in from time to time , just not for coffee .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love that maple latte ! i 'm not usually one for sweet coffee drinks , but i ca n't resist the maple latte ! this is a great little local coffee shop in kent . plenty of outlets and a quiet atmosphere make this place a great study location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "actually very decent espresso . this is almost impossible to find in northeast ohio , by the way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "come here almost every morning before class for a black coffee and some sort of bagel . great cozy environment , great service from a friendly staff , and a good variety of menu options . somewhat pricy compared to some other coffee shops but the level of quality in the ingredients and finished product is unmatched in the area . definitely my favorite place in kent to sit around and study , read , or do work on my laptop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the coffee and my dog loves the dog biscuits , but i hate the layout of the tables . there 's always 1 person spread out across that whole huge table while other stand around looking for a place to sit . great to drive through , not so great to stay awhile .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great coffee and baked goods . i love the cranberry scones and the spinach feta egg sandwich . the coffee always tastes fresh . it can be a bit difficult to find a table on the weekend and in the evenings when students are around .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee beverages and bakery items - vegan brownies are amazing . this place is 4-stars , but i 'm giving an extra star because of the ridiculously friendly workers who leave customers thinking , `` they must want to sleep with me ... ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love going to tree city ! locally owned , great atmosphere , and fresh coffee . the staff have always been friendly and helpful . for my first few trips , i could never quite remember the name of the brew i preferred . the employees have always taken the time to explain which is which - in knowledgeable coffee terms . nice ! also , try one of the homemade bagels with cream cheese ... so good ! heavy on cream cheese , but that is a great thing for many people , including me ! ( my sister likes them with just butter . she says you can taste the bagel better . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place and so happy that a nice local coffee shop has opened up . i work right around the corner from the shop so it 's convenient ! the hours are great , and so is what they sell . try the maple latte ! i also love the pastries , my favorite are the orange star anise scones . they feel so light , and the flavor is so unique ! i would love if they would get some vegan or at least some gluten free pastries , but i already mentioned it and i was told that was a goal of theirs . the staff is so nice , and i love the fireplace , nice ambiance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very much the opposite of scribbles up the street in terms of atmosphere . this is very new with big windows , high ceiling and a hollow sound . could be noisy when crowded . only one couch next to fireplace that was n't working . nice space with plenty of outlets for all the attendant screenwriters , but not broken in . americans decent , but a little thin .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really great coffee , helpful and friendly server . i went here to grab breakfast with my mom , and we really enjoyed everything . i think that they 're only open for breakfast and lunch , but they had a pretty sizable menu , which included some healthier options . my mom and i both had coffee , which was good ( but i 'll be honest , i 'm not too picky about coffee as long as it has caffeine and does n't taste burnt ) . i had a waffle with strawberries on it . my mom went for toast , two eggs , and bacon . she requested her bacon to be as crispy as possible , and they delivered . my mom can be very finicky about her food , and she said she really enjoyed everything . best of all , it was reasonably priced . most breakfast places are n't going to break the bank , but it 's nice to be pleasantly surprised when your final bill is less than you expected .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee here is the best around . they have quality ingredients , some fun recipe options , and a great price . their food here is pretty decent too . i am addicted to the honey nut crunch peanut butter sandwich , which comes with chips and carrots . a nice touch for $ 5 . i have had their breakfast sandwiches , and they are ok . nothing to write home about . if you want a great cup of coffee and something unique , go check them out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pros : fast , very friendly staff . cons : a little bit expensive for the quality of food , no visa and they charge for using debit . verdict : would recommend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i just had a shawarma and i ca n't believe how good it was . i went in not really knowing what to order so i asked what was good . the lady asked a few of my preferences and made a suggestion which i went with . i was not disappointed ! ! i will be eating here regularly from now on . and its directly across the street from sick kids hospital so super convenient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a tiny hole in the wall . it 's a little expensive for what you get , but the fish tacos are fresh and pretty tasty . pay with cash to avoid the debit charge .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i suppose it 's my fault for ordering a shawarma plate at a `` burrito place '' , but there were some reviews that seemed positive and i was looking for something quick and close by . a chicken shawarma plate and bottle of water came out to $ 15 for some very mediocre food . there was no spit in sight to roast the chicken fresh so it was the precut kind sent from their other location . at this point it was too late to back out of my order . the quantity was decent but i 've had better for the price point . the salad was sad with a few leaves of cilantro representing the tabouli and the chicken itself was alright with some flavour and some unnecessarily fatty pieces . the rice was good with lentils in it but they heated it in the microwave . all in all , i wish i 'd picked something else or walked a bit further down the street . maybe their mexican food is better but i 'd avoid the shawarma .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a bit of a confusing location . one reason is that there is another location literally a mile or less up the road . i guess that could be due to the fact that both are located on either side of a turnpike interchange . this is definitely a big lot that can accommodate many vehicles . i have seen several semis in the lot at once and it was still easy to maneuver around the lot . gas prices are the norm for the area , they go up and they go down depending on the competitors nearby . food and service inside are the norm for the company . this place is a bit faster than most places . made it easy to grab a quick bite to eat and then be on my way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sheetz composite review . i am ambivalent about sheetz as a convenience store . it has nearly everything at prices that make the `` convenience '' less than appealing . gas prices are competitive and this sheetz is well laid out , and managed . sheetz is about catering to the `` car culture '' and they do an excellent job at that . f8 and be there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "more of a traveler 's set of tips , kind of . this , as another review mentions , is just about a mile from the ronda court location just down rt 30 . but there are some differences ... ... this is a slightly smaller , older style sheetz . no less effective at what they do though . if you 're coming off the turnpike and your next direction is rt 30 east , this is the stop you should make . a simple left turn at a red light and you 're in . just make sure when you come on to 30 that you make tracks for the left lane so you do n't miss that turn . same light sets you back out on 30 , east or west , back to the `` pike '' if need be . next sheetz down the road is in greensburg , not convenient to anybody but the locals though . if you keep traveling along 30 , your next location is in bedford , a lonnnnng ways off .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to stop here often on my way west from latrobe . it was then ok , and the sandwiches were ok for a gas station . stopped there today as a meeting point and got fuel as well . it is now a pig sty . the pump area for diesel was gross . yes , i know diesel fuel is oily and a few spills can cause some issues , but if you are going to sell diesel , then accept the hassle of keeping the pump area clean . i could barely fuel my vehicle without tracking diesel crap into my car . and i use gloves , but it was still a mess . the bathroom was also a disaster area and the interior of the store was in need of cleaning . i wo n't go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just want to add a few things . first off , the hours and days available change weekly . we went to go last saturday and the truck was nowhere to be found . if you go to the website and click on the `` weeklymenu '' button it will say where and when it will be that week . took the miss ' today and i just wanted to throw out how ridiculously awesome the brisket sandwich ( $ 6.35 ) is . i definitely enjoyed it slightly more than the chopped pork . it 's a huge portion of tender , smokey beef brisket simply piled on this bun . throw on their sauce and coleslaw and you 've got yourself one heck of a lunch . the miss ' is also now a fan of the chopped pork sandwich . it was a little too big for her so she ate half today and has the other half for her lunch tomorrow ... that is , if i do n't get to it first !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used several groupons to try smoke and go and i was able to sample a few of the menu items over several visits . the fish , chicken , brisket and mac and cheese were all decent but not good enough for a return visit in my opinion . the bbq sandwich on the other hand would probably be a reason to return but i do n't tend to eat bbq that often ... .that being said , the mobile crew were all very nice and the wait time is minimal if you happen to be in the area with bbq on your mind .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'm new to the area so i 've been trying out local bbq establishments to find a new home and feed my periodic cravings . i saw the sag food truck out front of cashion 's and was curious ; `` how good can a food truck be ? '' apparently it can be really good . if you purchase by the pound they will give you two buns and a side of sauce , enough for the whole pound . i 've tried to recreate this flavor with liquid smoke and a crock-pot and i ca n't come close . the hickory taste is dominant , yet balanced . the sauce is western style with a little tartness as well as a sweet finish . i ca n't speak for the rest of the menu , however , i 'm excited to go back and buy a pound of brisket due to the positive reviews here . it would be nice if i could purchase a side of hush puppies and additional buns . quality bbq .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was on a brief vacation to charlotte and i really wanted to try some nc bbq . being from san diego , well yeah i need legit bbq . so it was 35 degrees outside at 4pm at their normal saturday gas station location . they had the most amazing brisket and chicken . i had to get seconds for later on . i totally can taste the vinegar smoked into the meat . the people were great and told me to wait in the car ( being a california girl ... . yeah they figured i 'm not handling this cold well ) and they brought it directly to me the mac n cheese was pretty decent too and the gentleman in charge of the twitter account actually took a break from cooking to greet me ! all i have to say , if you 're in charlotte on a saturday , get there early because beef ribs was sold out quick . and since i 'm allergic to pork , ca n't comment on their pork ribs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was extremely impressed with their smoky , surprisingly delicious , pulled pork bbq sandwich . the sandwich was large . the meat was tender . the pork had noticeable smoke rings , just enough burnt ends , and a wonderful smoked flavor that is exceeding hard to find nowadays . this is good bbq ! all the employees were friendly and courteous . as i drove away , i gave everyone there a big thumbs up to show my appreciation of their efforts . they all waved and gave me huge smiles in return . this is excellent pulled pork barbecue , and far superior to the vast majority of barbecue restaurants . if i lived in huntersville or cornelius , i would eat here once a week . i think that you will pleased if you give them a try . menu and prices : http : smokeandgonclt.com weeklymenu.html", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am not a big bbq eater , but after rob b 's review , i had to make an effort to catch smoke & go when they were open . saturday was the day . i was n't too hungry so i ordered the fried chicken ( one of my favorites ) . the veggies were slim picking ( they ran out ) , so i ended up with fries because that 's what one of the kids wanted . the other wanted a hot dog ... she said it was de-li-cious . in any case , the chicken was well prepared , not overly seasoned , and definitely not salty . other patrons were buying bbq by the pound so i will try that the next time . i did get a slice of the red velvet cake . i am no expert on red velvet cake but this cake made my tummy feel great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh , my . why has it taken me so long to try smoke and go ? they usually park their food truck outside the cashion 's gas station on the corner of catawba and sam furr each friday and saturday , so they are easy to find ! their bbq has a real wood-smoked flavor that is just phenomenal . i have never had bbq with flavor like this . and it 's chopped , too . the only downsides ? and this is really based on personal preference -- their sauce is tomato-based , not vinegar-based , and their coleslaw is slightly sweet . i do wish other sauces were available for those of us who prefer the eastern carolina style of bbq . however , with bbq this tasty , i can just skip the sauce ! i 'll definitely return for lunch and will absolutely consider them to cater any upcoming parties .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great staff and food , but the price has gone up so much that i am not sure i will be returning .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the best bbq sandwiches i 've ever had . i ordered the shaved pork sandwich $ 6 ( no sides ) . it 's a fairly large sandwich piled `` all the way '' with slaw and smothered in a tangy bbq sauce that is seriously delicious . i agree , it 's a bit on the pricier side , but i will have no problem ponying up the $ 6 next time i see the smoke & go food truck . yum !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this review is based on their fish sandwiches and sides . i got their tilapia fish sammy and thought it tasted a little fishy . definitely not fresh but still edible . nothing special added to it but your basic tartar sauce and optional cheese and hot sauce . the bun was also a little stale . honestly , i also do n't think it was worth the price either . you can spend a few bucks more and get it gourmet style from bone fish grill . service is great . they are probably the nicest food truck folks i 've ever encountered . i did n't care for their fried okra . it was too bready and tasted previously frozen . but if you 're on the go and passing through then this place is a go-to .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sgb is the bomb bbq ! mouth watering ribs , brisket , pork and chicken . the smoker hits your nose the moment you pull up . the staff is friendly and courteous and the food came out quick and hot . make sgb your next bbq stop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best bbq in the lake norman area . the ribs , brisket , and pulled pork are amazing . all the sides are delicious . the review would not be complete without mentioning they are so friendly and helpful . follow them on twitter and facebook so you know where they are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smoke n go can be found in huntersville at the cashion 's at the corner of sam furr and catawba on most saturdays . not sure of the rest of their schedule though . my hunger and their appearance never seemed to be in synch until today . to celebrate , i had a chopped pork sandwich that was huge . i 'm not kidding . could have easily been two sandwiches . it had a good smokey flavor , all meat , no fat , good bark and was served with a western north carolina type sauce and some coleslaw on top of a sesame seed bun . i have to say that it was pretty damn good and i look forward to another visit to try some more of their fare .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update to my last review . portions have gotten smaller and prices have gone way up ! it went from $ 8.99 per lb for pulled pork bbq to over $ 12 per lb . i loved it when we first moved here but in my opinion it 's overpriced . you can get great bbq for much lower prices at other places .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing - the pulled pork was one of the best i have had . recommend the bacon wrapped shrimp . great atmosphere for bbq !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone loves to rate bbq and claim they know the best spot . after finding this jewel a few years ago , i 'm convinced smoke n go is the best tasting bbq i 've ever had . service is just as good as the food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere , good bbq and a cozy outdoor firepit area to relax after dinner . i 'm a fan !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome bbq takeout . quick , a ton of food , service with a smile . we always have left overs for a few days . we usually get 1 lbs of pulled pork a large mac n cheese , med . coleslaw for my husband and i . a cheeseburger for my daughter . the pulled pork or chicken is great on a taco too . my only suggestion would be to give more buns with the pound of meats . there are never enough ... but that 's how we discovered putting it on a taco works too . not a fan of the fried ochra but maybe that 's because i 'm not a southerner ? anyway , keep up the good work ! my family loves this place . so convenient and yummy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ordered a turkey leg with mac and cheese and green beans . they messed up the order and gave me potato salad instead of mac and cheese - which tasted sour and overall inedible . the green beans were overpowered by seasoning and equally unappetizing . the turkey leg was dripping with grease and yet somehow still overcooked and dry . even better i spent the next 12 hours sick to my stomach . i will not eat here again , but i 'm giving a star because they at least provide friendly service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesomeness ... how bbq should be done , hardwood smoked , great flavor and juicy .. slaw was chopped just right , will be back ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a pound of their bbq and it was amazing . the sauce is out of control ( i could drink it lol ) . also , the people working were super friendly which is the best part !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have had their pork , chicken & briskit . it is all soo good . my wife not being a big meat eater , said we can go back every weekend ! since moving here from california we have been to many bbq restaurants and have not been impressed . smoke and go is the real deal ! real smoked meat with flavor . also like how they keep their sauce on the side so if you per fer a diff rent kind . the customer service is wonder full too . very friendly staff to help you make your decisions .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as it has already been stated , most saturdays you can find this mobile establishment at the cashion 's quik-stop at the corner of w. catawba and sam furr . sam furr , who named that road ? anyway , i highly recommend their barbecue , which i have delightfully enjoyed on numerous occasions . never have i had a disappointing meal , however i must admit to not venturing deeply into their side dishes . i come for the great barbecue because that 's all i want . now that they have established themselves as purveyors of a superior product their prices have been steadily nudging northward , and the sole reason i deduct a single star . it 's a recession , we 're all hurtin ' . my recommendation is to buy their pork barbecue in bulk , pick up some buns and cole slaw from the adjacent harris teeter , and try not to make a pig of yourself . it pairs nicely with a domestic cerveza of the `` any '' variety .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "consistently good bbq . friendliest service ever . got ta love good food and good people all in the same spot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! i got to try them at a fall festival and their bbq is so delicious , one of the best i 've tried ! also you will leave here feeling amazing because the service you get is phenomenal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "for the fifth time i have driven to truck around 6:00 pm on a saturday . dinner time for sure ! but , again , no brisket . no offer for a discount to try something else on my fifth trip there ! the last time i went , they asked me to try the ribs . more expensive and not what i wanted , but i did . bad choice ! tasted like charcoal fluid . so now i feel like i should go to lancaster 's bbq , at least they will have something beef . guys , lack of planning costs you customers . lack of empathy to get a customer back costs you everything !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this truck comes to my job and ive tried it several times hoping for a great experience and ive yet to get it the fried chicken and mac and cheese are ok but thats it . the potato salad is the worst ive ever had in my life the bbq is ok ive had better , alot better but the reason i gave to stars is the smell of the grease ! ! ! ! i think they fry everything fish and chicken in the same grease yuck ! ! ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "our favorite bbq in this area and we have tried many since moving here in 2014 . great service , wine prices are a little higher than comparable restaurants however .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wanted to like this place ! their food truck comes to my office park and i decided to order a pulled chicken sandwich , cole slaw , and green beans . the green beans were good and seasoned well but chicken sandwich was disaappointing . very salty and overly seasoned ; not the type of bbq flavor i was looking for . the cole slaw wasnt terrible but a little too soggy with mayo for me . i ending up throwing half of food away . im not sure i will try again at this point . i will probably stick with occasional trips to jim n nicks .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "all i have to say is , this place is one of the best if not the best bbq i have had since i moved to nc . they are friendly and courteous . i have been here 3 times in the past 6 weeks without disappointment . i will keep going back . you should definitely try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never been here before today and i must say the chopped pork sandwich with french fries was amazing ! my family and i will definitely be back . beyond the food , the customer service was outstanding . i am so impressed and happy to have found this gem ! thank you ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was visiting vegas this past weekend , and noticed the condo i was staying at had some live activity let 's just say . i quickly jumped online and found d-termination pest control . the lady who answered the phone was very nice and informative . she knew exactly what to look for and was so helpful . she assured me she would have some one out there asap , and sure enough , a technician arrived . they found the live activity , and i was able to enjoy the rest of my las vegas trip with no fears or worries . great company , great customer service , great work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really miss working with you guys ! ! i wished the property that i work for used d-termination . big shout out to steven , nathan , `` uncle '' ron , josue , cruz , neil , tess and anyone else that i forgot ! they are awesome . excellent service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i work in property management and these guys are the best company by far ! best word that comes to mind is results ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love these guys ! ! by far the best in the valley . a family run business that makes you feel like family . have been using them for 2 years now and have not found any spiders , roaches , etc . in my house since .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "d-termination pest control sent me three invoices over a year old - two of them were $ 60 each for two bed upstairs condos - i disputed the charge as it is high . d-termination would not adjust as they said they sprayed the outside too . the outside of a building with four units ? ? i did n't order that but i have to pay for it ? ? i do not recommend nor will i ever use them in the future . hope that $ 40- $ 60 that you overcharged me is worth the future business of a property manager .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great little place for being in penicuik . have always had exceptional service . food is also really good . especially like their risottos . not to expensive either as i always have wine , desserts , and coffee . this is a local place for me and its always busy . they also have a little to-go shop attached that is good to . 4 stars for this place because of the great service and meals i always get !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really liked the risotto verde . it 's a risotto with spinach , broccoli , asparagus , petit pois , garlic , white wine and parmesan . the greens still has some bit to them and the rice done really well . i visited the placeret with family who tried the rigatoni norcina , spaghetti carbonara & spaghetti bolognese . all three were good , though the bolognese could benefit from a bit more flavour seasoning . will stop by and try some more dished next time i 'm in the neighbourhood .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very good food . stunning food , wine and cocktails . delicious sorbets too ! lovely atmosphere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gosh i love playhouse square ! the allen is yet another wonderful theater with modern styling and features while retaining its old school charm and historical underpinnings . no bad seats and no bad shows ( or , at least , such is my unwavering belief thus far ) . my recent trip to the allen was for the 'a christmas story ' production - absolutely wonderful in every way . ( and no one shot their eye out ! ) the very set up of the theater and stage allows for a dynamic , immersive , and intimate experience . it was just this past weekend and i already ca n't wait to return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had the amazing pleasure of seeing `` radio golf '' in the newly renovated allen theatre . really love the intimacy of the theatre . there really is n't a bad seat in the house . it has a more modern feel than some of the neighboring larger theaters , which makes it perfect for smaller more intimate plays . great venue !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very nice . everyone has a good seat . has an elevator in the auditorium . refreshments can be purchased before the show . parking garage is attached .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an excellent company . love their texting app that i can use to communicate with them . i just moved into the first house i 've ever owned about a month ago and last night i came home late after a really , really long day at work to a sparkling clean house and could n't help but smile because of their work and how much less stress it puts on me . worth every penny . debra is extremely nice to communicate with and very prompt responses . will continue to use this company and recommend them for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like this cleaning service ! they go through your house and make it sparkle . i would highly recommend them . their employees are always nice and work hard to do a good job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been using dirtbusters for over a year and have been thrilled with the service since day one . after years of unreliable and or inconsistent service from private folks and other services it has been such a relief to work with s company i can count on . the are always on time and the work is always thorough and complete . there process of alternating the extras ... like polishing cabinets , ceiling fans , baseboards , window sills , etc ensure that the whole house is always clean and none of the little things get missed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "6 month update - extremely satisfied with this company ! i have some very specific needs and debra , the owner , is so helpful in accomodating them . the ladies who come to clean are very professional and efficient . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a home cleaned after moving out and dirt busters was who i selected . i was impressed by the cleaners being prompt and ready to go at the time agreed upon . i was happy to see them take the time with dusting , including baseboards and blinds . i was very pleased and look forward to having them come on a regular basis .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dirt busters provides exceptional cleaning service . their attention to detail and excellent customer service makes this company very well respected . i have recommended them to friends and family who have had nothing but the utmost pleasure with their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the dirt buster team was awesome to work with ! from the first conversation thru the day of cleaning , the team was courteous and professional every step of the way . they did a very thorough job cleaning our house in preparation to put it up for sale . their hard work made a huge difference . thanks dirt busters ! i would recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i contacted dirt busters after all the recommendations about them on nextdoor.com . i believe they have been coming to my house for a year now and i 'm never disappointed . i have not found one person who does n't have a smile on their face or smile in their voice when talking to them . they have quality hard working crews . they are very accommodating . and everything sparkles when they leave . if you ever have nancy as part of your crew , that sweet lady gets on her hands and knees and goes to town cleaning . i just love her and the rest of the ladies . i have dirt busters come in every 3 weeks . it is a wonderful treat for myself .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent customer service at the drive thru . genuinely friendly and professional ! ! ! ! 5 22 15 2:36p drinks were perfectly made .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "slipped into the busy drive-thru on a windy and cool saturday morning . the barista was very friendly when she took my order . the line moved along efficiently and before i knew the still friendly barista handed me over my dirty chai with cups extra reenforced . a quick and pleasant experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2 days ago they gave me the wrong order . ... but today , when i brought it to their attention , they apologized and gave me my coffee at no charge . yay , starbucks ! ! that 's what i call customer service ! : ) ... and my coffee is yummy ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the better if not best locations ! i purchased 2 bags of espresso holiday roast , which is on sale b1g1 . i used my starbucks gold card ( insert coffee snob joke here ) and also had a $ 5 gift card . the savvy employee said he 'd add the $ 5 to my gold card so i 'd get full credit ( stars ! ) using the gold card . what an angel ! i 'm so thankful . and this employee ( did n't get his name ) was genuine and wished me a happy new year . too bad this is n't the closest location for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not terribly fast . it is not uncommon to take 7-10 minutes through the drive thru . the barista at the window almost never smiles- and i always tip ! she never says thanks for the tip either ! ( i have given as much as twenty dollars because i go to this starbucks daily ) i get the same drink every time , and while it may seem boring- i like to start my day off with a delicious treat every morning . however , i am finding my drink almost never tastes the same twice . why is that ? some of the baristas are amazing , fast and awesome , but in general , its just okay .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the most outlet starbucks i ever seen . could be space in vegas is more abundant and the thought becomes what should we out here ? and here ? outlets ? more outlets ? large seating even with booths ! ! are in we starbucks or a restaurant ? def have more potential to add more tables and chairs do n't let california management get a hold of this large space . we like to cram it all in . service very friendly and plenty parking . drive thru is another plus .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decently less busy than most starbucks ..easy to get to and the staff is friendly . enjoy their speed and their service ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "convenient location , drive through is generally pretty quick and the staff are incredibly friendly ! drinks are made correctly : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm a coffee snob ! i am originally from new york where starbucks is practically on every corner . this is by farrr the best starbucks or been too . such friendly people that i look forward to seeing them each morning . it 's a great way to start my day . they 're very efficient even with long lines . keep up the good work !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service and friendly baristas . frequently go through the drive thru and on occasion go inside as well . always fast service and delicious drinks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff is always very nice and informative on their drinks and ingredients as for me being lactose intolerant . i live really close to this one and they 're always quick and hardly ever backed up . maybe on a day they 're short staffed they 'd possibly be backed up but i 've never had any problems ! and they love my puppy ! pup cups forever", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite place for good coffee and munchies even close to my home area . ( thank goodness ) there are other starbucks who do n't care about their customers do n't give good services . this one that i go to really cares about their customers with good services . i love their smiling faces when i see them . that 's an a + .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff is what makes this starbucks . i 've never gone inside but have been doing the drive thru forever . my order has always been correct and whenever my daughter gives an order off the secret menu , they get it right . i 've been to starbucks in over half the states and in about 10 countries and i feel this is one of the best ... but i may be biased .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the fastest drive-thru in the valley . do n't check your phone while waiting in this drive-thru , you 'll find yourself being waved at to get up to the window because of how fast they move people through . coffee is always consistent and the staff is always a pleasure . my husband and i love having a starbucks so close ; especially an efficient one like this location !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the drinks are always accurate which is the whole point of starbucks so that 's great . the service inside is good but the drive through staff is always so unfriendly . i do n't think i 've ever encountered such unwelcoming baristas who rush you to order and then barely greet you at the person to person window . i only go to this starbucks during the slow times so it 's not like they can blame the morning rush on the bad attitude . i try to avoid this location because of this and would rather go a little further to get my coffee served with good manners .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "never have i sat at a drive-thru completely still for several minutes . drink tasted fab ( typical coffee frappacino ) but it spilled some and the lady wiped the counter , then my drink ... in that order . hate to nitpick cleanliness but that 's just a little wrong . the customer service is your typical friendly awesome starbucks personnel but it bugs the crud outta me that the table , then a place where my drink my flow to my mouth was wiped after . ugggh .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this starbucks and all the people that work there , always working hard to get my coffee out hot and in a timely manner ! ! ! love this neighborhood starbucks in inspirada ! everyone is so friendly and remembers your name and drink every time ! way to go guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how can you go wrong with a starbucks drive-thru ? ? well , i suppose there are many ways , but this one avoids all of them . i love my starbucks coffee , and i love being able to swing through really quickly for my daily fix . the servers are friendly and they always get my order right .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this location has good service and some of the hottest baristas , especially the manager ian .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place . drive thru is very slow , which i thought was because of the crowds and long drive thru line . after today i think the latter is because of the slow drive thru . not sure why they do n't do something about it . staff is cool and customer service is great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go to this starbucks almost every day . the baristas are friendly , and my drink is always good . i 'm subtracting one star because this drive-thru is always slow .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we come here everyday and all of a sudden they wont let me order a pour over in the drive through . nobody behind me but they say you have to come in . just because they do n't want to make something they make excuses its incredible rude and the bad thing is they dont care and its so obvious . no stars would be best today .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i will say this is the best chinese food in the west park area i have had so far . the prices are fair and the food was good . the kung po chicken was good but not really spicy at all next time i will ask for extra spicy . the hunan beef was good and had more kick to it than the kung po . we did get a order of 3 crab ragoon from the website as they have free food and drinks when you spend a certain dollar amount but they did not include any sweet and sour sauce with not sure if they just forgot or if it 's not included with the free order . the sauce is what i expected tasty but had quite a bit oil mixed into to create it . the delivery time took close to an hour after we submitted our order . so if you are looking for your non authentic chinese food fix the you will enjoy this place as i did . had the food gotten to us faster and they included sweet and sour sauce would have given 4 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was incredible . we got the spring rolls , won ton soup , crab ragoons , shrimp lo mein , general tso 's and donuts for dessert . wow wow wow ! friendly and on time too . best chinese we have ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my favorite chinese in the area . friendly and quick service . the food is always fresh ! would definitely recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've ordered from here several times and each time i forget i do n't enjoy the food until it arrives . i got chicken chow mien , which comes with some sort of flat on traditional crunchy noodle . the sauce is clear ( ick ) and my recent order was almost entirely onions , barely any chicken . my husband got hunan beef that he said was ok. we also split spring rolls ( mostly cabbage inside ) and won ton soup . the food is cheap , mediocre , and they do deliver . i 'm writing this review so i remember not to order from here again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the flavor of their food is above the rest in the area . this is our new go to place for great chinese food . there are other places that get more business but that does n't equate to better . stop by you 'll be glad you did . the reason for a 4 star rating is because i ordered shrimp chopy suey , the flavor was fabulous but the presentation of veggies and shrimp lacked a 5 star rating . we 've ordered here a couple of times and all other dishes were fantastic !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best chinese in the westpark area . good portion of meat and yummy lo mein . the spicy items really are n't that spicy though so i always all for them to be extra spicy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after talking to mr. sierra on monday morning , he came out within an hour and gave us a very fair estimate which we accepted . his crew showed up the next day and did an awesome job of removing old tile and installing our new tile . the quality of their work was superior . i highly recommend his company to anyone needed quality tile work done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gil and his staff did an excellent job in our home . it was a big job and we could n't be happier of the outcome . thank you so much gil ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i interviewed 5 companies as i had a big job tiling most of my 2100 sf house . i made the right choice with gil sierra tile . the crew was friendly , accommodating , and they worked overtime in order to get the job done in the timeline i needed it to be . the owner of the company oversaw the job and was in and out throughout the day to make sure things were running smoothly . the tile looks absolutely beautiful and he even took care of some plumbing issues that were found when they removed my laundry sink and toilet . he replaced all of my baseboards with an upgrade which also turned out fantastic ! a+ work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "gil , the owner , and crew are the real deal . still ca n't believe how fast and the great price they gave me and a perfect job . i have 4 cats and had to have this done fast . gil got it done in 1 2 the time everyone else quoted ( others said 14 days , gil 's team did it in 6 ) . pricing was 20-50 % less they all the other quotes i got . crew was just fantastic . gil helped figure out how i could live in the house until last 2 days , they just moved me to other side ... cats and all . crew were very polite and craftsmen ! ! ! ! made sure everything was 100 % perfect on the last day before they left . i ca n't say enough . i was so excited i actually made a video https : youtu.be gd-jdqkzr-4", "score": "5"}
{"review": "few things stress me out more which is pathetic than the usps . when i see via the orange tag that something was not delivered and i got to go and pick it up it gives me the shakes . this place can get a little busy . for the past three weeks i have had to pick up packages . when i did there was a separate line to do that . on the most recent stop things changed and everyone was lumped into one line . of course i stood where i have been standing previously with my orange tag in my hand . not one employee asked if they could help or offer direction until after i felt stupid and asked . i thank the heavens that aside for the orange tags..there are plenty of other carries and places to assist me with taking care of my mailing needs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "terrible . so slow and inefficient . i really wish my mail was n't being held hostage here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "danny is the best posy office employee you will ever come across ... extremely helpful , always cheerful . as for the office itself ... . always a ridiculous line and not so many smiles behind the counter except danny and richard .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a horrible post office with a horrible manager . they do n't even bother to deliver packages they just send them back and then the manager has no explanation why they do it . then some 14 days later they try to deliver the pkg and want more postage for it ! the entire staff should be fired ! just because you hold a govt job you should n't be excluded from termination , a horrible job is a horrible job , your fired !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i agree with everything helen said i ordered my gift in november and still have not received it as of december 23 i got my shipping confirmation yesterday and it still has not even been picked up by the courier there 's no way i 'll get this in time for christmas horrible customer service i recommend you go elsewhere there 's a lot of other companies out there that do the same thing . i was planning on ordering some larger crystals with images on them i 'll be ordering them from another company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company has been awful to work with . it has been weeks and i still do n't have a finished proof . ( as in the example art ... i 'm not saying i do n't have the product yet , it is worse than that , i do n't even have a finished proof yet . ) the photoshop work that they have shown me has been the sloppiest and laziest work that i have ever seen . i was ordering these for a memorial for a relative who passed away . we have now missed the memorial completely . at this point i am shooting for the trip to see my family in dec , but they are probably going to miss that too . every time the send me a proof picture and i send it back for a change they start over from scratch so the earlier things that were already changed are gone . it has been the most ridiculous thing i have ever experienced from a personalization company , especially since most of my comments are `` make it like the ornament you show on your website . ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found the gift idea ( 3d laser image embedded in crystal ) for my wife from internet . first , i was a little bit scared and i ordered it 3 days before xmas . my wife is very happy with it . the customer service exceeded my expectation to make it with delivery on time . my kids ( 2 teenagers ) said that the gift is cool : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "3d laser gifts had a groupon for $ 20 for `` one small personalized crystal tower with one figure '' ( https : www.groupon.com deals 3d-laser-gifts-174-seattle ) however , this product was n't available when i went to purchase , instead only the extra large size was available ( $ 130 more than the product i was set to purchase ) . when i contacted their customer service , they said the size that was available for my groupon was `` out of stock '' and would be available in maybe 5 weeks . they really thought i would be fine with waiting an extra 5 weeks for something that costs $ 20 . after telling them how ridiculous that was , instead of offering something else to put the groupon towards , they blamed groupon and did not take any responsibility for the product they were promoting on groupon being out of stock .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my visit here was because it was convenient to where i was at the time . with a small busy parking lot , there are probably easier places to access than this . i found it to be a bit on the spendy side unless you have a `` frequent flier '' account with them , in which case you 'll have access to some discounts and bogos . it was a decent enough shopping experience and i was able to locate the two items i needed , get them rung up quickly and be on my way . it was a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pharmacy never open when you need it ( holidays , etc ) . poor selection ... high markup on most items.. staff mediocre.. i will gladly drive to cotswold to avoid the hassle of dealing with this store - there is always an issue or complication when shopping here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "honestly one of the pharmacists here creeped me out and tried to make too many jokes and conversation and once looked at what i was doing on my phone . they also quit carrying my rx , but offered something similar , so i quit filling refills here and switched to walmart . mostly cause of the guy . haha . but no reason to avoid this rite aid .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "located at the corner of pecos and russell adjacent to the sinclair gas station , do n't be scared of this lemonade stand-appearing station since it 's no frills in the very best sense . i 've tried to get my smog check elsewhere only to be met with either rudeness over the phone or to be told they do n't have time or their smog check guy is not available since they 're busy dealing with other services ( i 'm talking to you , jiffy smog ) . this is the place to get your smog check if you 're in the henderson anthem area . service was fast , friendly , and efficient , price is as reasonable as i 've seen elsewhere ( $ 18.99 minus $ 2 for checking in on yelp ! ) , no charge for test rejections , and best of all , open on sundays from 9-3pm . go-green or go home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "normally i just go to whatever smog station that is near by and some asschode will come out and will be a prick . i do n't know if smog stations suck the soul out of the owners , but this place i 'm a fan of . i talked to the owner i assume his name is alex since it was mentioned in the previous review ( after finding this place on yelp ) . he 's just a regular nice guy who you can start a bromance with if your into that kind of thing ( har har ) , you mention yelp and get a coupon for the place , it 's fairly cheap anyways so the price is reasonable . this is n't your stereotypical smog station where they try to rip you off at any moment . this smog station is fast and cheap . i actually had my test `` rejected '' ( not failed ) , he told me they do n't charge for rejections . saving me money one good deed at a time . i recommend this place if you are in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick , painless easy . probably like 5 minutes . yelp check-in for $ 2 off is still recognized and before i could even ask the dude if he was gon na send my smog results into dmv he said that it was already on the way ! good sh ! + .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by this place as i was headed home and yelped it . great reviews , so i went ahead and used the coupon . alex was a super nice guy and very professional . had me done in a few minutes . will definitely come back next year . check them out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars all the way . fast , friendly , and affordable . i bought a used truck for an amazing price . the boyfriend fixed it up and needed to get the smog done before registering the truck at the dmv there 's a certain stigma associated with smog check stations . the expectation that they will find something wrong with your car and charge you an arm and a leg . not with alex , he seemed like a trustworthy guy . you can find go green smog on the corner of ( pecos and russell ) in the sinclair gas station . the smog station can easily be missed so keep an eye out for it on the north east corner . mention yelp and hell hook you up with an even better price $ 16.99 . if you need a smog check go to `` go green smog '' thanks again to yelp for saving the day otherwise i would n't have found this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not much that needs to be said other than easy as pie ! i was in and out in less that five minutes . i did n't even have time to make a phone call as i had planned . so if you 're in a rush , these guys will keep you moving .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the guy is great - quick and fast and really cheap ... . and he allows free retests if a fail occurs . my trucks diagnostics system had been reset and was not yet responding to the obd but he advised me on how to correct it and let me come back later for a free retest . also gave me some good advise on registering the new out of state vehicle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quick fast and easy price is great 18.99 plus 2.00 coupon for yelp check in . easy as it comes you get in and out not much to it . i 've been to a few trying to hustle me but these guys do n't and are great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a nice guy doing my smog check ! less than 5 minutes ! i 'll go back for sure : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get a smog check for your vehicle . i came here on a tuesday at 4:30 pm . i was done in less than 3 minutes . i mentioned that i saw them on yelp and got the $ 2.00 discount , making the cost of the smog check $ 16.99 . i had luis do my inspection and he was great ... very fast and very pleasant . this is my new go to place for smog checks from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "in the interests of full disclosure , i have n't been to go-green in a year . last year i had a great experience there but this year i 'm not planning to return for a smog test . i called the new owner a couple of days ago and got the same impression as nadia n. ( reviewer from 11 29 2015 ) . price was higher than previously , attitude poor . i might as well go to a place that sends an ad in the mail . really a shame .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my first visit here and it was great . their system was down for a few days ( these things happen ) and due to this inconvenience , my check the following day was only $ 15 . ca n't beat that for keeping the customer happy . very fast and friendly service and even answered some of my stupid questions as i am a n00b at the whole smog check thing . my new smog check station for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rectangular block next to sinclair gas station seems very unassuming , but does what is needed quickly and professionally . no hassles or fears of trying to be sold additional services . in and out in about 7 min .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drove out of my way a little because of the great yelp reviews . totally worth it ! i was in , out , and back to studying for finals in like 20 minutes ( round trip including driving there ) . the guy was super nice and answered all of my questions to the best of his ability . awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super quick and efficient , literally done in 5 minutes . the tech , nick , was friendly , did his job well and was very attentive if i needed anything . i got a $ 2 discount for checking in ( from $ 20.99 to $ 18.99 ) i 'll definitely come again in future when i need a smog test .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove 5 hours to be at this place at 8 am when he says he opens mon-fri . i got here at 7:40 . at 9 he still had not shown up and no answer on his phone . totally unacceptable ! do not count on this guy ! waste of time !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here again this year . this time i was that guy that shows up 5mins before close . edrei provided service with a smile . in and out by 3mins after close . thanks for staying open for me ! highly recommend these guys ! always a joy to do business with .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are awesome ! fast and friendly ! ! ! everything you could ask for in a smog station . they took excellent care of me last year so i 'm headed back now for their oustanding service ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously . just go here . makes lame things in life ( like getting smog checks to register your car ) so easy . done in less than 5 minutes . also the guys working are always super friendly and its cheap . win .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super nice and was in and out of there crazy fast . checked in and used that coupon of course . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service guy working today was great ! he was fast and profeciant . i would definitely recommend this shop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drove across town to check out go-green for my emissions test . the experience i had at a different vendor the prior year was not that great . at go-green , the service was prompt and friendly . the location is easy to find , and any questions i had were answered . also , the two dollar discount was applied to my order , which made this an economical choice , too . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sometimes i do n't trust all the reviews on yelp , thinking it might be bias from relatives , or employees of the place . but everything good that was said before me about this place is true . i wo n't repeat , i 'll just say , i agree : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend go green smog . good price , good location , and great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place to get your smog check done . i was in and out within under 10 minutes . great and fast service at the right price . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to go-green because of the great reviews on here . sure enough ... it was worth it driving the extra miles to come here ! chris was extremely professional and helpful . you even get a free water while you wait for your smog test ! in and out in 5 minutes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "popped in a few minutes before closing yesterday and the young man working took care of me straight away . used my yelp $ 2 off and threw him a $ 20 for staying a few minutes late . he was fast and efficient and i was out of there in less than 5 minutes . i would definitely recommend them if you 're in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was in and out in under 5 minutes . the guy working there was super chill and knew what he was doing , he even recommended a beach on the colorado . it was $ 18.99 - $ 2.00 for the yelp check in so a really competitive price . until next time ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was the best and easiest place to have smog done ever in 7 years of living in vegas . alex was very down to earth , and even offered me a bottle water . after i told him i found his business on yelp he took $ 2 off , but i gave him a full $ 20 for making it easy and offering bottle water in over 100-degree heat . will be back in august for next car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after months on trying to pass smog for various reasons . i decided to give it one last go around . when i got to the location there was 2 people ahead of me within 5 minutes it was my turn . nervously told steve the tech that the car might not pass because of x amount of reasons . he calmed me down and said let 's give it a worl 2 minutes later i had finely gotten my smog . thanks guys you have the magic touch ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ditto everyone else . fast , friendly , price-competitive . i did n't have the heart to redeem the $ 2-off yelp coupon ; these guys are trapped in a little box all day and are still pleasant and professional . in and out in less than 10 minutes . a great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no muss , no fuss . i was in and out inside of 10 minutes , and he was there to field my call at least 10 minutes prior to opening at 8 . when you 're getting a smog check , no news is good news . unfortunately , yelp wo n't post my review unless i prattle on a while longer . there we go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mr. rico suave ! he 's the man . took care of us in less than five minutes . never going anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place never disappoints ! i 've came here for four years in a roll and would not think about going anywhere else ! they provide a fast service and a great staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "why do we keep trying this place ? we went when they first opened and the service sucked , we got our own food and drinks from the bar . at that time they were signicantly understaffed . very noisy ... ok so let 's try again . nice outside deck , but why are they smoking out here next to us and whose going to enforce it ? then our food comes and they are out of french dressing . of course she said that after she served everyone else . as it turns out that is the only kind of dressing i like . so i said i wish you would of told me that 20 minutes ago and i 'd of ordered a burger..and in the twenty minutes since i ordered no one could run to the grocery store across the street and pick some up . i think it 's called projecting in restauarant terms . we 're done here !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place has changed a lot since i was last here . we decided to stop in for lunch during the blossom festivities . luckily , the place was n't very busy , so we were able to seat our large party immediately . the service was friendly and efficient . the food was generally okay , and i do n't think anyone had any complaints . if things are on the upswing at this location , i hope people give it another try .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 'll just keep this short and sweet . place is whatever . employees are nice . food is just boring , nothing to crave over . i end up there often enough , since it is somewhere local to go with friends . but really , the biggest selling point is that the people are nice .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "service is alway great as are the wings . large selection of food and the signature sandwiches are always spot on . best sandwich is the pastrami egg and cheese . also large selection of beers . great place to hang out and watch the game .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had lunch here today , service was very slow and luke warm even though the place was almost empty at 1230pm . food was pretty tasty although it took a long time . the place had a bit of a musty bar smell that i never noticed in times past probably because i usually sit outside in the summer . in general , i do n't think i 'll be back until summer until this place gets a bit cleaner and a bit more friendly .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "expansive ! an amazing , almost overwhelming variety of beer in a warehouse that makes your head spin . the prices are right , the variety is nearly uncountable , but the staff is n't as helpful as you 'd want and seem a bit rude . still so much beer .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a giant beer distributor , and for places conviently located to me i usually try and hit this place up because the selection of craft beers here is highly decent and so are the prices ... ..i have one tip for you though ... ..bring cash or check ... .the prices are a bit lower and you can really snag some good deals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "you wo n't find a better beer selection in this wharehouse like huge building of beer . it makes you feel like indiana jones at the end of the lost arc or is that temple of doom ? where the arc ( i guess i just answered my question lol ) is hidden in one of a million boxes in an enormous wharehouse . only this is beer , and while important , probably as important as the lost arc . also , this is actually real too , not a made up awesome story with harrison ford .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we 've never been to hampton beer outlet , so we decided to give it a shot . we went at about 5:45-6:00 pm on a monday night , since the reviews online and sign on the door say they 're open until 9 pm . we were really impressed with the size of the store and the great variety ; lots to choose from ! when we brought the case to the register , there was no one around . we called out , knocked on doors , searched for someone ... no one was there . the computers were turned on and all the doors were unlocked , but not a single employee was at the store for the good 20 minutes that we were there . it would have been great if we could 've bought the beer we picked , but we walked out empty-handed . unfortunately , we definitely wo n't be visiting hampton beer outlet again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent trout dish , however yakitori was dry and blandly seasoned . when we expressed discontent with the food and returned half of it uneaten , the chef and manager had a quick conference and then challenged us on what we did n't like . she claimed that the chef had traveled to china ( ! ) and had delivered us a perfect yakitori . yet the meat would not stand up to street food we 've had in many cities for 1 20th of the price . in the end , a dry , bland yakitori for $ 18 is not the end of the world but the manager 'server who defends this might want to look at how she treats her customers", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of my favourite brunch places in town . the banana pancakes were fluffy . the added banana and the thick piece of bacon really elevated the flavour to a whole different level . it was perfect , sweet and salty ! we also got the vietnam omelette , it was refreshing in contrast . the bean sprouts were crunchy , the omelette were tender , salmon and cilantro really brought out the freshness of everything in that dish . my friend and i shared the two dishes . they were perfect balance to each other and we really enjoyed our meal . p.s . they have an extensive selection of wine", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we snacked a bit , and the broccoli and the carrot dishes were both truly delicious . creamy , bright , and amazing with the bread from guillaume . the chef and the waiter were both super kind and helpful and it 's my favourite to be able to sit and watch the kitchen work in a simple , sexy , tasteful room . but i have to say , the food here is way too expensive . montreal has gone a bit mad . to pay ~50 $ and have one drink and still be hungry is ... well , it 's not an experience i 'll seek to repeat soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was a loyal patron of lili co at the old location in le plateau and i was worried when i heard that they were moving to a bigger space . well fear not my foodies , for the quality is exactly the same , the kitchen and bar are wide open and the food is still soooo good . the feeling of care and thought into every ingredient is still there and the cocktails are incredible ( more room = more boozy options ! ) best thing about this move ? they now do lunch ! the menu is always changing , but come for the brunch or dinner and arrive with a group so that you can try a bite of everything ! the fish was cooked perfectly , the fiddleheads were divine and my partner 's meat dish was fall off the bone , melt in your mouth good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for brunch . food was really good . you need reservations on sundays . they were pretty packed on a cold random sunday which could only mean food must be good . much bigger than their old location . open kitchen concept . we sat at the counter . we shared pancakes with bacon and their regular breakfast . service was good . food was good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had an amazing brunch at lili.co . the eggs benedict were amazing ! served on a biscuit with pulled pork and a wonderful hollandaise . i mean does it get any more decadent ? ! ? the entire menu is in french . the wait staff was more than helpful to translate for my mother and i. i would highly recommend you stopping here while visiting montreal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a lovely place ! i ordered a banana pancake . it was bigger than i thought ! the bacon was well cooked and the sweet-salty mixed taste was quite good .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i had brunch today . food was superb , service was near awful . we sipped our caesars but our food never came . finally our waitress came over and asked us again for our order as she said there was a computer glitch . from what we determined there was no glitch but our order never got placed . we waited a long time for our meals while similar orders were delivered to other diners . when we asked why , the waitress apologized and said our caesars were complimentary . great , but i would have preferred paying for our drinks and getting our meals in a reasonable time . i got the sense she was n't well trained . i know it 's tough to get good service staff but it 's also critical to the success of any restaurant . there obviously is great talent in the kitchen but they need it on the floor also .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i heard so much about this restaurant , so when i heard they were having a special menu for montreal en lumiere , i had to go . they were making a dim sum special , at 40 $ per person . we could pick up to 4 different plates per person , so we mixed it up and ended up with 8 different meals . i was very disappointed in the food , it was some sort of fusion , mixing some ingredients together that were just odd in general . the staff were not describing it correctly as they were dropping them off , saying it was beef when it was pork , etc . the sticky rice was more of a pudding , not tasting much other than some lemon . the chicken skewer was really undercooked . in general everything seemed thrown together quickly . a harsh price for really average food . i wo n't be returning there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "chill little breakfast joint on the main . i love sitting at the bar to watch the cooks do their thing - however , do n't like not having back support ; it 's just not comfortable . that being said , food was decent but nothing to rave about . i had the pancakes with the slab of bacon . you really ca n't mess up bacon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wow . what an experience . these are people who really love food and know what to do with it . if you love good , un-fussy food and friendly , unpretentious service , you should go to lili.co . i had the scallops to start , it was light and accented perfectly with ikura and some crunchy stuff . it was so well balanced you can still taste the freshness of the scallop . i had the pork belly for the main course , it comes with pea shoots and apple & potato pur\u00e9e . it 's the kind of dish so savory and satisfying it 'll make you happy . for dessert , get the apple tart with foie gras . it 's so good it 's borderline life changing . ok it was life changing . service was great and the chef owner was friendly and passionate and obviously a genius . i ca n't wait to come back and see what else he comes up with", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not good . spent $ 300 on 4 people and barely served 4 carrots 4 raviolis and `` 65 day dry aged rib eye that looked like the scraps from the butcher shop nothing but bone and fat . meat took 45 minutes to cook was served rare and lacked flavor . raviolis sucked . carrots were awesome but just 4 of them . we had 3 drinks each and could barely catch the waiters attention all night", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we went to lili co for the dim sum brunch they offer for montreal en lumiere . for $ 40 per pers. , you get 4 small dim sum plates per person . we were disappointed . in short , it was more or less like dishes served in chinatown but served over mayo to be trendy , and way too expensive . some dishes were good ( steamed taro dumplings were delicate and tasty ) , others were bad ( shallot crepes were rubbery and hard ; steamed buns were too greasy with a sauce that was too sweet and looked commercial ) ; most were average . service was also average . upon arrival we were told we had to leave in 1:45 , even though we had a reservation . staff was not too knowledgeable about the dishes they were serving . total bill for 2 with 2 coffees : $ 100 before tip . a small glass of tea is $ 6 . way too expensive for average food . you can do much better elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great restaurant , friendly and knowledgeable staff . went with two friends to catch up over the holidays , it was one of the few restaurants open . started with fresh bread and oysters with a fiery and flavourful homemade hot sauce . shared five plates , with some standouts being grilled octopus , ricotta dumplings and sweetbread buns . we were intrigued by the penis mapotofu but opted against it in the end.. les beignets for dessert were delicious , slightly outshining a great pain perdu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent resto , service de grande qualit\u00e9 ! plats int\u00e9ressants , parfois m\u00eame surprenants . les brunchs sont \u00e9galement excellents , pr\u00e9par\u00e9s avec passion !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "brunch is amazing . the banana pancake is as good as it looks . the maple caramelized bacon on top is amazing . i have to say the vietnamese breakfast crepe is to die for . all the typical vietnamese crepe ingredients explodes in your mouth along with fluffy scrambled eggs and salmon . it 's a genius twist to a vietnamese classic . chai scone with pumpkin mousse is also delightful . the mousse itself should be the star of the dish . coffee drinks are good and super friendly service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "caught up with two amazing girl friends here and had such a great time . everything from the food to the service to the atmosphere was perfect . we split a series of dishes ( 5 or 6 i think ) , which were all fantastic . my personal favs included the curried octopus , dumplings , sweet bread buns and oysters ( tip ask for the hot sauce with the oysters - amazing ! ) . i would go back in a heart beat ! the only downside is it comes at a price , but it is certainly worth it for a nice night out with friends . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ouais ! des abats ( des tripes ) au menu d'un brunch ! ! j'aime \u00e7a : ) donc oui , j'ai mang\u00e9 un rago\u00fbt de tripes \u00e0 un brunch , en sauce tomate , avec des chips ... et m\u00eame que c'\u00e9tait super bon ! ! ! ! en plus de \u00e7a , dehors il faisait froid et \u00e7a ventait , dedans il faisait chaud et y'avait une ambiance chaleureuse . on voit les cuisiniers s'affairer , et moi j'aime bien \u00e7a voir les gens qui cuisinent pour moi . me tarde mon prochain brunch l\u00e0 bas ! ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing ! each course was a delight , each sucessive course building on the preceding course . the dessert was unusual , with parsley cake and molasses mousse that went surprisingly well together . my new husband and i ( on our honeymoon ) enjoyed every bite . ( even though the guy behind the bar was slow in serving up dishes and seemed more interested in chatting with 2 attractive customers at the bar- that was the only drawback to the experience ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a discovery ! the best restaurant , i went in montreal last week . i loved the layout : we were sitting at the bar in front of the kitchen . th chef was super friendly and the food amazing ! i will come bak", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to try this place as it was close to where we were staying in montreal . the decor is very modern and clean . there is not a lot of seating available ; the kitchen is open concept and probably takes up half the venue . the service was top notch , very friendly staff . all the food was quite good . we ordered all their `` amuse '' items , which were just small bites for sharing ; all were refreshing . the main brunch item that stood out the most was the caramelized bacon pancake ( this was a special , they usually only serve the banana bacon pancake ) . this was to die for , definitely try this if you come here ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this resto . it is a real montreal gem , creative cooking , casual , servers who care and i will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just wicked brunch . big plates . amazing cocktails . friendly staff . also menu was really interesting", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we came with a group of 10 and this was the best meal of our entire weekend . the service was friendly and accommodating while the food and drinks ( one friend proclaimed the fresh squeezed orange juice the best he had ever had ) were exceptional . all-in-all a great experience , highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "il y a tellement de meilleurs choix \u00e0 montr\u00e9al ! essay\u00e9 au souper , qualit\u00e9 des plats tr\u00e8s inconstante , certains devraient \u00eatre \u00e9limin\u00e9s du menu . joue de boeuf poisseuse , ne go\u00fbtant que le gras , portions franchement minimales pour le prix demand\u00e9 . s\u00e9lection de vins \u00e9clectique ( ce n'est pas pcq c'est bio que c'est n\u00e9cessairement bon )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my friend and i went there while we were on a weekend get away , and we really enjoyed the food ! the chef definitely likes to experiment , and we enjoyed it ! if you are looking for very normal boring traditional meal , then this is not the place for you ! we had the scallops ceviche to start , it was done very well . we had the pork chops and cauliflower as entrees - and both were excellent . we got the foie gras for dessert - and oh my ... .. i ca n't get enough of it ! ! ! please , never take that off the menu ! ! ! ! and the best part is , the meal is very reasonably priced for the creativity and quality !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went to lili.co on a saturday night with two friends . i 've been wanting to try this place for a while . the restaurant is cozy and has an industrial design touch . their dinner menu consists mostly of tapas , there are maybe 15 of them ranging from vegetables to salmon and pork , we had 7 tapas for us 3 and they were all very good and original . the main ingredient in each one of them is simple but the accompaniment and sauces bring a lot of flavor to the dishes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we visited this trendy little restaurant on st-laurent for date night . the decor is warm and seating consists mostly of places around the bar or small tables on the side for groups of 4 . they have an every changing market menu and serve up quite a few offal meats you 'd have a hard time finding anywhere else . given our ever unsatisfied curiosity , we opted to try all their weird organ dishes and were not disappointed ! from head cheese to veal testicules and blood sausage , all the dishes were prepared to point and tasted like gourmet food you 'd have a hard time believing ppl usually throw away . my disappointment of the night was that i did n't get to try the dessert i wanted as they were sold out and nothing else on the menu looked as enticing . also the service was a bit slow at the beginning as we had to wait quite a while to get wine service . overall , a great little place that i 'd definitely return to for date night or with a small group of friends !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we found the food to be of below average quality , but above average price . additionally , the wait time was outrageous . this did not seem to be the fault of idling waitstaff , but of a slow and congested kitchen . we watched as personal problems amongst the kitchen staff deterred the completion of our meals . it is quite frustrating to watch as your meal falls apart in pieces , and is served as a sad agglomeration of other peoples problems . the menu was uninspired . staff was perfectly adequate . ambiance was unremarkable . would not recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just a spectacular brunch . sat at bar . watched the kitchen hum in amazement . top notch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "until today l loved this smoke shop ... it 's close to my house and great people work there ... except the girl i spoke to on the phone today ... i purchased shisha yesterday and as soon as my girl and i smoked it both out stomachs started to hurt ... i called to let them know and the girl had an attitude stating we must have got a stomach ache and it 's nothing she could do ... i was a regular customer but i will not be going anymore and will suggest people to go somewhere else", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is great . every time i go in i am treated respectfully and without judgment . the people are easygoing and will gladly hold a conversation with you . there are tons of smoke shops in phoenix and i have been to almost all of them , but i will go back to this one because of the comfort that i feel when i walk in the door .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best smoke shop in phoenix ! so much product in the store , found what i wanted immediately , had great help , awesome smoke shop ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little head shop .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my go to smoke shop , not because it 's closer to me but because the guys there are so down to earth . they 're prices are very reasonable , and some of the pipes are actually crafted by one of the guys there . i 've never had a bad experience there , i like the customer service . it 's not a glamorous smoke shop , however they 're nice , which is so hard to find these days .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visited high society for the first time tonight to buy a new bong . they had a huge selection and even some made by ( someone ) who works there ! i came in literally at closing time but dory was still nice and did n't rush me at all when i was hesitant to make a choice . she was super friendly and tried her best to answer my excessive amount of questions lol thanks dory ! i 'll definitely be coming back next time i 'm in need !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as far as head shops go , this is the best in town ! they have the biggest selection great prices . if you have any questions , they are always nice and willing to help you . i will be back , for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , good prices , friendly service . check out the calamari and prime sirloin chili appetizers . wood roasted half chicken and asiago crusted chicken are great entrees . we come here often and plan to keep it up .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "berkshire brats ? um..i think i 'm in love . i live about 2 hours away and i 'll drive to this place to stock up the freezer . they have a great selection of grass fed and organic meat choices along with some dry aged treats . have a question ? the workers take the time to talk and make sure you know what you 're buying . one of the best meat markets in the state , if not the best .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the range of breeds ( all locally ) is stunning . what is even more impressive is their practical approach to the challenge of organic - natural spectrum . they get farmers to sign affidavits ( no hormones or antibiotics ) if they are not certified organic . some price difference , but it also gives the farmers a chance to contribute quality product even if they ca n't afford third-party certification . enough about the bureaucracy ... the meat is amazing . everything from heritage-breed bacon to highland beef . house-made sausage . local butter . if you are near madison , this is worth the trip detour . take an empty cooler and some cold packs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a lot to love about black earth meat 's meat and their humane slaughter house practices and the vast majority of their staff . not so much to love about aubrey , their erstwhile clerk and the service she provides in bem 's name . expect sullenness , poor followup and maybe something wrong or missing from your order ... then expect monosyllabic unapolgetic emails when you attempt to follow up on delays and mistakes on your order ... .and do n't expect her to fix anything shes messed up , either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "je cherchais un endroit pour un message pr\u00e8s de chez moi . je n'aimais personne pr\u00e8s de moi qui pouvait me faire une bonne recommandation . meme suryelp le choix est limit\u00e9 . j'ai du choisir au hasard un endroit . le hasard cette fois ci a tres bien fait les choses . \u00e9laine masaotherapeute a \u00e9t\u00e9 fantastique en \u00e9coutant mes besoins et en apportant des solutions . excellent massage de 90 . minutes l\u00e0 o\u00f9 \u00e7a fait mal . le stationnement est facile et le service au client est impeccable . j'y retourne lundi : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing services . the team wast great . most importantly my treatments worked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "how sad that this spa has lost some top-notch estheticians and replaced them with novices who are far from competent in their knowledge and application of treatments . we had already paid for one series of seven laser epilations at the end of which we were encouraged to sign up for another just to `` make sure '' the job was complete . guess what ? instead of ensuring a professional would be treating us they gave us the newbie technician with no clue how to prepare or set the machine for maximum results : another set of seven epilations , still not perfect and now they want to charge for more `` touch-ups '' . not acceptable at all - in what universe does it take that many sessions to get rid of not a whole lot of hair to begin with ... . beware of these small businesses that offer 50 % off treatments because they are sure to do only 50 % of the job . could have had a week in the caribbean for what we shelled out in the long run ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had two torn labrum on both shoulders and a ripped bicep tendon . i had all three treated by dynamic stem cell therapy and the results were great . i am back to 100 % . everyone was very friendly and accommodating . they also followed up frequently to check how i was doing . i highly recommend giving blake or his staff a call if this procedure is something you 're interested in looking into . wonderful to have a facility like this in las vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "going to blake and dr youmans at dynamic stem cell therapy was a life saving decision . having taken on being my fiance 's caregiver due to chronic illness , a suppressed immune system having little to no energy , brain fog , anxiety and mood swings . dynamic stem cell therapy helped reverse all that i believe it was the stem cell therapy that catalyzed her returning to good health .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "knowledgeable people who care and i left their educated thanks excited to get my life better with a lot less pain", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ah , docs . i 'm excited to see they have a retail location here in az , but on the other hand , seeing this location in an absurdly upscale neighborhood , and seeing more and more wealthy hipsters wearing them everywhere and thinking they 're `` punk '' or `` rebellious '' is making me less and less inclined to continue being a fan . some of the newer designs that dm has out are horrible and nowhere near traditional . having said all that , the staff here are at least very friendly and helpful , and it 's nice to have a nearby location just for convenience . their selection of actual footwear needs to be larger ... but i do appreciate the amount of accessories they carry in-store . i was in dire need of new laces for my 1460s , and was excited to find out that they carried the metal-tipped pairs - not bad pricing , either . next time i 'm in the neighborhood , i 'll definitely stop here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped in 10 minutes before closing on my bday ; 11 20 15 and the sales girl and guy were so awesome and patient ! they let me try on anything i wanted and were not even bothered by us being there after closing . sadly the boots i wanted were not available in my size . however , the next day the sales girl called me to say she found some in my size on the east coast . i am very impressed with their patience with us along with the commitment and follow up ! great job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here looking for a new pair of docs . the staff was friendly and helpful , and they had a lot of really nice merch that i did n't even know they made . i 'm glad i found this store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "10 % off for students monday tuesday wednesday . 50 % off rack for veggies fruits bakery items , 30 % off nearly expired meat , cheap lunch counter and now you have a points card ? provigo , you treat me too well : ) only downside is that some stores have different selections and this store never has the vegetarian chilli or the pho rice noodles that i look to buy which means i always have to stop at a second store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have to come here sometimes to get things they dont have at the fruit and veggie place right beside here ( pa ) and i 'm always so disappointed . i 've been frequenting this place since 2010 and i 've disliked it ever since . everything is over priced . you 'd have better luck going to a dep and buying groceries there than coming here . ok , thats a but dramatic but seriously , you 're right downtown . people need food and this location barely has anything . the more common fruits and veggies ( sometimes they do n't even have those ) . a couple brands of milk , cereal , chicken , cheese and so on . yes , the place is smaller than an average provigo , but come on ! we need to eat ! its also mostly student around here as well , get on that ! we are tired of just eating your ( expensive ) ramen !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the closest grocery store to my place . i love that it 's open to till 1 am . this allows me to grab something to eat at pretty much any time i want . the prices are n't that bad . it 's not the biggest , but no grocery store in the city really is . to be honest , it 's overshadowed by the nearby adonis on the high end side of things and pa marche for the prices . it does fulfill it 's purpose though !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a place of peace and meditation . i have started the 8 week meditation course on saturdays and its going really well . the setting is basic and there are plans for enlargement but this is a growing buddhist temple , and the monks are friendly and relaxing to be around . leave your stress and shows outside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i just started attending the arizona international buddhist meditation center after a friend recommended i come with him . meetings are wednesday nights at 7pm on temple street ( the center may be difficult to find as it is located in a residential house ) . there is parking available in front the house as well as a church parking lot across the street . cushions are provided for your comfort and the meditation session lasts about 45 minutes . shane will ring a bell and talk you through the first 5 to 10 minutes . afterwards , silence commences and you try not to think of anything at all . once the meditation session ends , shane leads a short discussion session to allow for questions and for the resident monk to read a prayer aloud . i feel relaxed and at peace when i come here . everyone is kind and welcoming , no judgement ! if you are looking for a group environment and friendly community to meditate with , this is the perfect spot in arizona !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sketchy ! what has happened to both west and east towne malls ? ! i keep reading about all sorts of shady activities . security guards getting knocked out ! staff members getting punched ! police car chases ! muggings of customers ! these malls used to be both fine and served their purpose peacefully . i really only go here if it 's the last resort for a purchase . the place is filthy and those creepy guys that want to straighten my hair near the center of the mall ... eck !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this mall is not notable . the most notable store is the only apple store in madison .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "west towne mall has a few things going for it : - an apple store - h and m however ... -the bathrooms were quite possibly the most unkept bathrooms i have ever experienced -the music was playing so loudly in the food court one could not have a conversation overall , i was not impressed with the shopping experience .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "not too bad . they have a good selection of stores in the area . not too crowded and had ample parking . not a fan of their food court though , but there are a number of restaurants in the area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this mall is like any other mall . there are basic stores like h & m , forever 21 , apple , and victoria secret . they also have major stores like sears and the boston store . it 's alright , otherwise . it 's very clean and taken care of .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is an average mall with stores including h & m , forever 21 , j.crew , gap , sephora , william sonoma , the apple store , etc . it 's a good place for casual browsing . but if you 're looking for something special this is probably not the right place . however , the people that work here are wonderful . we went during easter season and got to decorate cookies in william sonoma . the staff were very nice and helpful . actually every store we went to had friendly employees . and the food court has a great gelato place with a lot of yummy flavors ( i think it 's more worth while than the froyo place next to potbelly ) but the area can get very crowded on the weekend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love west towne . they supply me with my shopping fix . the aveda store for my hair desires , sephora for perusing , lens crafters for my glasses and contacts , athleta for my go-to clothing , express , limited , banana republic , victoria 's secret for the best smelling lotions and perfumes in the world , not to mention the best unmentionables . the salon there sometimes has better clearances than ulta on redken products , and they sell the coveted moroccan oil . once all is said and done i love that they have a potbelly 's restaurant in the food court so i can order my tky on wheat with light mayo , lettuce , onion , tomato , and an arizona tea . west towne is like many malls across the country , it is nicer than it 's east side counterpart but definitely not as nice as mayfair or the suburban malls near chicago .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ah , west towne . when i was a kid living in stoughton you were the fancy mall that had little of interest to my pre-teen self . you 've kind of maintained that vibe over the years , but as my interest in swirly polyester shirts and knock-off ck one has waned , i 've grown to like you more . i do n't spend a lot of time roaming , but you 've got a few stores i hit fairly regularly ( holler , cheap-wares peddlers forever 21 and h & m , sale-bonanza jc penney , charming charlie when i 've got a wedding or need to otherwise color coordinate , and sephora when i pretend that i actually wear makeup ) . a couple years ago i found a couple reliable areas to find parking , which has greatly improved my shopping experience . do you have every store i want ? no . could i tell you off the top of my head what 's missing ? also , no . and for that , i 'll call you a-ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "nice mall , above average . on a cold winter evening it is nice to go walk around the mall and enjoy a hot pretzel . there are a large number of higher end stores .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice shopping center , and i particularly appreciated it when the security guard let me continue through the mall to stay out of the cold last sunday - boston store was open and so were the restaurants on the other side , but everything else was already closed at 6 pm . he nodded politely and told me which exit and door to use . thank you for being considerate ! i 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all i need is one shop and one shop only . and guess what ? west towne mall has it . seeing as how 90 % of my wardrobe consists of h & m , i was extremely happy to find it here . are you tired of spending $ $ $ on expensive name brands ? are you tired of looking like a scrub next to all those stylish people ? are you tired of cheaply made clothing that fall to pieces the moment you put it on ? well , look no further , because h & m has decent quality clothing , that 's both affordable and stylish . anyways , i feel like this review is more about h & m than the actual mall , so i 'll add that godiva+banana republic+jcrew makes this mall worth frequenting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's ok. has all of your typical mall stores . helped me kill an evening while in madison on business . the food court is n't all that great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love coming to this mall , it is big , has many of the stores that i like to shop at . i went here on monday 6 27 , and it was very clean , and not too crowded . i visited the apple store , and had dinner at the cheesecake factory . when ever i need to do some shopping , depending on the stores that i need to visit , i go to the west towne mall in madison to meet my needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's an indoor mall with plenty of stores . ca n't really complain about that . what i did notice my one and only trip there was the trash in the parking lot . maybe this is one time thing ? ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the one thing that really surprised me about madison was the number of malls near to one another . oh well , west towne is much nicer on the inside than the exterior . you 'll find your standard mall store fronts like godiva , sephora , victorias secret , banana republic , gap etc . nice selection for what i assumed was a near dead mall from the outside . the one thing that really shocks me is the few number of patrons at the mall . there 's hardly ever anyone here . which , i suppose , is a good thing . no teenagers clogging aisles and the such . the parking lot could use some renovation . the flow of traffic is odd sometimes and i 've seen quite a few people get pretty confused by all the one way arrows . overall an ok mall . convenient to the hwy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this mall is like every other mall in america , it has the usual basic stores - stores that i frequent such as victoria secret 's , h & m , apple store , boston store , forever 21 , sephora , etc . i do n't spend much time roaming around since i usually know what i need and where to find it . it is a convenient mall and the reason for only giving it 3 stars is really the road conditions surrounding the mall . i like that most of my shopping needs are in one place , and since the cheesecake opened last year this is a must stop for me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the fancy mall in madison . i go for places like sephora and h & m . the parking in the `` back '' is better than in front by the food court .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a great time at this mall ! lots of our favorite stores victorias secret , banana republic , new york and company , jc penny , sephora etc etc . lots of great deals ! rogers and hollands there gave us a great deal in a band for my ring and even threw in a pearl bracelet : ) ! would definitely go shopping in this mall again ! i would definitely recommend shopping here . overall it is a great mall : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice one level mall with many shops that would be able to cater to everyone in the family . it was clean and well-maintained . food court was decent . it has potbelly sandwiches which i 'm wanting to try one day . they have a couple of pretzel selections as well . the play area has cute things for kids to play on but the people in the play area ? a lot of rude parents who do n't watch their kids . they are opening a cheesecake factory here soon . that should add to the shopping experience for locals .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i agree with the others that the food court is nothing to shout about . but west towne is definitely better than east towne , in my opinion ! two things i observed while doing last-minute shopping ( my husband 's fault , not mine ! ! ) here : 1 . people in this mall , or maybe in malls in general , do not know how to walk . there 's no right of way , or any walking etiquette , whatsoever in this mall . 2 . wtf happened to abercrombie & fitch ? i mean , i know they were always over the top in terms of cologne-reekness , but seriously ? ! ? ! i smelled the store from three stores away . as i walked by , i had to hold my breath . that is just not right ! who in their right mind would ever shop there if just walking by was enough to make someone gag ? that 's all .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the usual mall . what can i say ? honestly , they have a nice selection of stores , but the parking situation is awful . big lots without entrances to the mall . so , then everyone ends up in the same few lots . it is pretty clean and bright . honestly , there is nothing that stands out and nothing tragic .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it is a crime how much they charge you to play golf at papago . of course , the customer is ripping the course off instead of the other way around . this place may not have a lot of frills , but it is a well-maintained , challenging , and fun desert course with beautiful views of the surrounding areas . you can play here for dirt cheap prices , especially in the warmer months if you can brave the heat . one of the best , if not the best , golf bargains in the valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "challenging and well maintained course in a beautiful setting -- looking forward to coming here again ! course is well laid out and greens were in very good shape , which and allowed me to maintain my title of `` 3-putt '' . we played on a friday morning and were able to finish in just under 4 hrs . i thought it was a little pricey ( $ 90 ) , but it was a friday in mid-march , so compared to other courses in the area , reasonable enough . cheers ! rs", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i played the storied papago golf course for the first time in march . after hearing positive things about the track from family members i was slightly disappointed . i appreciate that it is a municipal course ( that has been around since the eisenhower administration ) which in turn keeps the rates very modest but it was a little bit dumpy in my opinion . the fairways were in pretty bad shape and the facilities were definitely dated . that being said ; the greens were in awsome shape and they sold us an entire 12-pack of suds and threw it into a large water bucket w ice . fast greens and cold beers managed to salvage an enjoyable round .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not much of a club house but that 's not a big deal . the staff were very friendly and an adequate practice facility . i really liked this course and i will play it again , my ball striking was so off today . the tee boxes were fine some patchy dry areas in the fairways but nothing drastic . i liked the layout , nice scenery . not much water at all so your only hazards are the bunkers and yourself . some of the fairways were fairly tight but otherwise it 's wide open . well placed bunkers and they were nice and soft . the greens were in great condition . fast and smooth . yup , i will definitely play here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great course . staff was great and pleasant . only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because they just punched the greens .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't golf . the whole idea of chasing a little white ball around a course confuses me to no end . but i do ride bikes . i 've ridden around the outskirts of many golf courses over the years . several times at other golf courses i 've had golfers hit golf balls at me like i was the range guy driving around in that little truck with the rakes . never at papago though . i usually either get the `` head nod '' or a polite wave as i ride by . no insults thrown around , no golf clubs thrown at me , no golf balls used as projectile deterrents to dissuade me from riding around the borders . so i appreciate you papago golf course . there 's a great little simple bike trail around your borders , and your golfers are friendly folk . ca n't ask for much more than that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "high price for a goat track . will not return . played a lot of fantastic courses nearby for less then half . conditions matched a cow pasture", "score": "1"}
{"review": "played on 2 3 14 . very poor conditions , both fairways & greens . i would rate this as the worst course i have played in az . also the green fee of $ 85 is ridiculous . green fee does not include range balls , that were seemingly taken out of the desert & ponds . two thumbs down !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my dad and i came here for a 10:40 tee time after getting frozed out at the boulders on new years day . almost everybody was a walker here . besides us i think we saw 2-3 other golf carts . my dad has been playing for 20 years and me 2 1 2 and we have never seen so many walkers at a course . it was 40 degrees and below the whole day . lucky for us i have hot hands in my bag . this is strictly a golfers course . there are no gimmicks here . there really is no signature hole but it is a great course for golfers and its long . we didnt play from the tips , but they are over 7300 yards . first time playing on bermuda type green also . i liked them alot and wish more courses used it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the slowest round i 've ever played . it literally took us 5 hours to play 18 ! they need to have a ranger out on the course speeding people up because everyone was moving way too slow . also , they need more water on the course . all they have is a water and ice machine with styrofoam cups and no lids . the problem with no lids is that you get dirt bugs etc . in your drink , then all the sudden you have no water and cant get anymore until you are on hole 2 , 6 or 15 . they need water coolers instead so people can just fill up a water bottle . they charge way too much for a municipal course . $ 38 in july is too much considering what most other courses of their caliber charge . i gave them 2 stars because the course was in good shape .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "papago is a great place . staff is accommodating and friendly . the location and scenery are great . one key problem , lack of posting for the appropriate tee off locations . please mark by colors at each tee off . provide better signage for those of us who are new to this course . please consider making these suggested changes . i would have given this course a higher rating of the signage was appropriate .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great track ! long par 3 's that are as tough as you can play . the greens are really good fast and true . if you are putting towards the mountain its a little slower . if you are facing phoenix fast and they all break towards the airport .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i walked this course for $ 14 . granted , it was early september and hotter than the pits of hell , but what a great course for that kind of money . i 'm a higher handicap player so i found the course very challenging . the staff was great and the course itself was a stunner . beautiful views of the buttes with almost no signs of the outside world . the course is basically tucked away in papago park . bring plenty of water if you plan on walking the course and expect to get a good workout . they have carts too , with an attached cooler to keep you drinks cold . i did n't have a problem with the clubhouse being a series of trailers stuck together . there 's food , beer and tables inside and everyone 's friendly . what more could you ask for ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i started playing papago in 1978 , and won the club championship in1982.i am sad to say , papago has gone downhill after about the 1980's.my name is billy mullen.what happened ? ? ? to take down trees ( huge ) for shade in az is about the worse thing you could have done to papago.it needed new irragation sprinklers , not to take half the trees out.i have desire to ever play papago . we had a great couse , and a men 's club , that was talked about all over , not only in az.i 've been wanting to post this for a long time.old members left , after what was done to our jewel.phil m. qualified for the first time @ papago , and i followed him , as he did qualify for the phoenix open.we had some great golfers , and alot went on to the pga.when i talk to other people , from time to time , they talk about how papago went soo downhill . sad billy", "score": "1"}
{"review": "grass is in great shape . excellent views all around central phoenix . ca n't beat the price either .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an old phoenix course that was recently renovated . they are getting ready to host and lpga event on march 26th . i thought the course was okay -- nothing special and hard to believe that it was selected to host a tournament . they have a lot of work to do to get it ready in time . i am eager to look on tv and see how it turned out . i thought the holes were pretty good but nothing special . the pro shop was in a trailer and minimal in what they had to offer . people there were very nice . probably wont go back with all the choices available in scottsdale area .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i know us greens are faster than malaysia 's green , but this is insane fast . i was told by the marshall on an up hill green speed is 12 ... . down hill can be as fast as 14.. now this is pga standard . later to find out they just had a tournament last week . anyway its rather flat course and for some reason the two mountain with very different looking rocks are always insight . its like papago landmark . overall its an excellent condition golf course . signature hole - hmmmm none that i can remember , but i am paired with a two some and they are the regular 's so i would say hole 17 is the tricky hole if you use driver on the tee off . fairway wood tee off would leave you rather longer going into the green . again golfnow gave me a good deal . i would go back and play again . its the fast green ever played - for me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "greens , fairways , tee boxes loked really good considering the time of year . we were golfing in may when the grasses are going from winter to summer . other than having a ranger that was on a power trip , we had a good time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this course is a great value . it 's not the cleanest cut of courses . but it is pretty solid . the price at $ 60 for a round is very reasonable . the grass is kind of dead on the fairways , and so you get some serious roll on your drives . also the whole thing is in the middle of this rocky outcrop region of phoenix with these massive red rock hills that are just absurdly cool to look at and are the backdrop during every hole . the one caveat here is that there 's a bunch of desert instead of legit ob area on the side of every hole . you can go in and hit out of it , but there are rocks strewn throughout the sand and you are very likely to scuff up your clubs pretty good . still , you ca n't beat the value here . i would definitely play this course again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "probably the best municipal ran course in the area . track is in good shape and the greens are true . staff inside the pro shop ( double wide trailer ) are nice . only negative are the cart guys . if you do n't let them wipe your clubs down for a tip they say something sarcastic ( happened to me both times ) . there is no need for these guys ( other than to put the carts away ) bc they have a club cleaner on the side of the cart . they 're like homeless people who run out to your car while stopped at an intersection to clean your windshield without asking and expect compensation . my suggestion is to have them ask , `` do you need your clubs cleaned ? ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fairways are excellent . greens are in very good condition . not overly scenic and would consider it a fairly straightforward course . the clubhouse is 2 double wide trailers but staff is good and efficient", "score": "4"}
{"review": "to the goat patch guy- i thought it had a nice feel . besides the greens , the fairways , the rough and the annoying drunk little leprechauns dancing about ... it was a pretty nice course . the staff was excellent but the goat patch guy was obviously making it difficult for the staff to work in non-hostile environment , which made it difficult for the other patrons like myself . my only recommendation is that hopefully you come on a day when a . the goat patch guy is at home ( pretty sure he was saying `` a '' a lot so i 'll let you make that guess ) b . the do n't allow happy hour to start before noon i hope this helps the future patrons of this course .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent condition of both the fairways and greens . greens rolled true every single putt and bit well from most any distance , even though there were plenty of ball marks on most every part of every green . the must roll the greens more often than most courses , as the ball marks had been knocked down to manageable depth on most greens . traps looked stunning , i loved their looks , well cut edges , but the sand was very thin and therefore hard to predict the bounce of the wedge at impact . wide open fairways , lining other fairways , made some very wild shots land on playable grass , albeit from blind views . every single fairway was in excellent shape , virtually every the entire length of the fairway . pace of play ? perfect , we had two walkers and two riders , mid day on a week day .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "played today , and some jerk of a guy , he said he was the pro there was badgering our group all day to play fast . we played the round in 4 hrs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "just an update : what a difference five weeks makes ... the grass really grew in the past five weeks and the course has greened up pretty good . the course is n't running firm and fast like it was last time i was out there . it 's definitely playing longer now since there is substantially less roll on the fairways . and the greens are slower and bumpier than last time . the tees were also unmowed . maybe they just went light on the mowing today , but i hope they firm up the course again . hopefully they can find a balance of keeping the grass green in summer and still keeping the course firm . it was surprisingly slow out there too . i went out as a single and never had to join up with anyone . that 's pretty rare for a day at papago .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely the gem of all the phoenix courses ... ..my son and i played here and absolutely loved it ... .it is a long course and the only negative thing is they a map of the course so you know where you are hitting to ... .but the shape of the course was spot on i felt like i was playing a championship course !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "played papago today for the first time . what a treat . my wife and i were visiting , catching a few spring training baseball games , and wanted a phoenix golf experience without a high season resort course green fee . fairways were in great shape , greens were fast and rolled true . dormant bermuda aligning fairways and surrounding greens backdropped by the red rocks made for terrific scenery . as relatively high handicappers we enjoyed the mixed tee opportunities . a fun phoenix golf experience at a reasonable rate . we 'll come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding value . with a city card , even better . i think a lot of golfers hear `` muni course '' and so stay away . too bad , because this is the city 's premier course and it is always in great shape . it can be a very tough course , yet i had one of my best rounds ever and broke 80 here . it was a lpga stop a few years ago . nothing fancy in terms of amenities , but just a pleasure to play .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i caught myself near death today ( being a bit dramatic ) , but i was saved by an angel . we are all too familiar with what this heat can do to the unprepared . sadie came to my rescue with her hydration techniques , a cold towell , and did all of this with a smile on her face . thanks paps !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really enjoyed this course . it is seemingly tucked away from the big city in papago park . you would never know that you are near a metro area except for the planes that fly overhead constantly from nearly sky harbor airport . everything was great including the very attentive staff . only one reason for 4 starts instead of 5 ... the price for out-of-towners was $ 70 ... .pretty high for a municipal course .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the aga painted over the mona lisa with a tooth brush , i started playing papago in 1966 , with the rebuild now there are a lot of tee boxes with very little shade , there are no benches for walkers to sit on while waiting to hit on the tee boxes , very little water to drink on the course . the old papago was a very good golf course with a nice club house cafe , the only big improvement the aga made is the driving range .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have played papago using my resident 's card to get a discount for several years . on tuesday , september 23 , 2014 when i checked in i was not afforded the discount rate , and i was told it was because i booked through golfnow rather than through the papago website . this was news to me , as my resident 's card contract does not specify how i must make my tee time . things are changing , as asu has taken over the course , and they are going to alot only half of the tee times to the public . i am disappointed in the new procedure , and i deducted one star for that reason .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sigh , the past couple of times i have visited the granola man has not been there , so perhaps he is only there around the holiday times . somehow his absence makes visiting greenland a little less exciting for me . also , the food court options always seem like a good idea , but you end up paying as much as you would at a sit-down restaurant , which in my mind defeats the purpose of a food court . plus , i never seem to find exactly what i am looking for . the highlight for me has been the veggie tempura from the sushi spot , and if you like mushrooms , their udon is flavorful and generous .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came here when they just opened at 8 am on saturday . the people restocking the shelves were extremely rude and unfriendly . one man actually whistled at me . that is completely unacceptable , unprofessional , and disgusting . i 'd give negative stars if i could . i will not come back here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the food court is great yes i agree but the stands around selling bake goods are not friendly at all ; the same goes for the grocery store . all of their products are label in korean , if you try to get help the people here are so rude and they act like your are taking their precious time , in the bakery outside the girl was speaking korean with a friend from the booth next to her , they ignore me and when i ask for help she had and attitude . i have no intentions to go back or to recommend this place to anybody .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love coming here to grocery shop and eat ! defiantly a big variety to choose from , loads of delicious side dishes for sell in the market as well as marinated meat . the food court never fails . love the sushi and black bean paste noodles , yuuuum . give it a try if you 're indecisive because they have a big variety to choose from ! also very friendly staffs ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since my last review , i have discovered that after 8pm some of the items sold at the `` deli '' are half off . the only one that interests me with this deal is their laver rolls or what i think of as korean california rolls . they also have a members reward card system that offers % back . and the produce sections and the pre-marinated meat sections still offer great products at a reasonable price . plus if you ca n't wait to go home with your groceries , you can always grab a bite to eat from one of the food court vendors .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always get the haedupbap from sakura sushi and it never disappoints . the vegetables and fish are fresh and delicious . my bf got jajangmyeon jampong and it was also very good . will definitely be coming back as always . always a good quick meal before doing some shopping !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by before the beer bq uye because i could n't find the regia salvadorean lager at total wine and cardenas which is odd because total wine has buku beer selection , and cardenas carries all kinds of hispanic brews ? ? ? ? we first tasted this beer at rincon catratcho while chowing down on pupusas and as far as i know , this central american beer is only found in this korean supermarket . try a bottle if you 're looking for something different . its easy drinking , add some lime and salt and you 're good to go ! ... aloha ! ! ! yelp 365 challenge- ( 336 365 ) `` regia sold here ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is this a mirage ... duh freak ? ! ? ! i grew up coming to vegas with my parents , uncles , aunts , and cousins . that 's what azn fama-whee 's do mang . but if you grew up azn positive , you also know that whenever poor asian families go on road trip type vacations they need their asian fix . especially korean- holla at yo boi ! we use to take little korean foods from la or sj and hit the road and always looking for microwavable junk before getting to vegas . once we got here buffets and junk all day everyday and ramen in the morning or late night . but ma people fear no more ! they have this place up in here ! ! ! this is every asian parents dream come true when they come to vegas . they have literally everything you can ask for and even the food court ! no more fearing caucasian cuisine and its toilet side effects . no more missing asian food thats good and affordable while visiting vegas ! thank you jesus !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what kind of noodles are you looking for ? well look no further , greenland has a variety of noodles to choose from . my favorite is the tempura and miso flavored noodles . if you do n't like noodles , check out their meat and seafood section . we always get the marinated korean meats . there 's also a section with all the ingredients already made for bim bim bop . if you like hurricane popcorn like i do , there is a hawaiian section . did you say asian vegetables to make your favorite asian dish , well this is your one stop shop . i love this place . its clean and has what i need in terms of asian food . there are vendors right when you walk in that sell asians sweet goods . did i mention there 's a food court too ? yup this place has it all .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this market everything is cheap , i can get all my homeland cooking stuff , the have fresh fish , marinated meats , korean food court which has awesome selection food and open late !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is our `` korea town '' here in las vegas . pretty much one market and a couple of restaurants . this market has many selections of snacks , vegetables , meats you name it . this is my number one spot to get any groceries if i 'm craving fresh salmon . they do have a open food court that serves great korean food . must come to this place to check it out yourself . many varieties and shops are in this market to try for . love this place !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sitting at the house on a sunday afternoon with some of my other sushi loving friends and the plan was to bbq some steaks that night and have a few drinks ... somewhere in this mix the idea of going to sushi came up , and then somewhere in that mix the idea of me just making sushi came up . okay , so now that the dinner plans had officially been established i had to run to the store to get the things i was missing . yes smiths and albertsons are right by my house but i have heard great things about the selection here but again it is just sooooo far from my house . 10 or so minutes later i was in the car on my way to greenland supermarket . this was in no way a mistake ... what a selection , and the fresh fish market is amazing . they had everything i needed and much much more . i have always wanted to have a market i can go to and get sashimi grade fish and it is finally possible .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to seoul and the produce aisle reminded me of an outdoor korean market . awesome selection of fruits and veggies . i could n't tell you what i would do with half of the stuff i saw in this store but eager to find out ! thrilling was to find my kids favorite marshmallow snacks ( which we looked for at the abc store and they discontinued them ! ) and picked up some california rolls for an afternoon bite . this is a huge korean market offering an array of goods and services ! they even have a u.s. post office inside ! travel agency , food court , and a pharmacy is coming . neat housewares department with rice cookers , chopsticks and sake china . clean store , friendly service . i think the prices are cheaper at other asian stores , so this place was n't screaming deals . but since i 'm usually in that area i 'll be back for more kid treats-assuming they 've earned them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i loved organic mangos and papayas from here ... everything is affordable and fresh , and stuff are kind and helpful . i live in henderson , so it 's not the closest , but i 'll definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "champaghetti this is a little korean food stand in the far corner of the greenland food court . while there are lots and lots of korean restaurants in town , i have n't found many that serve champong . champong is a chinese-korean noodle dish made with a red , spicy beef broth . it is noodle based , and filled with seafood and vegetables . ( see pic # 45 ) . champaghetti 's version offers large portions , and great flavor , with a decent amount of spice . takuan , kim chee and raw onions are also served as sides . the broth is very red , so dress accordingly -- no white shirts ! also , get a few extra napkins , this stuff will make you sweat ! great all year round , but a must for the rainy weather season .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like to shop there but what ever u do , do not buy anything that is soup , kimchi i have been finding rocks even fishing line in fresh kimchi i have complained about it but almost every time i purchase soup , kimchi or gim bab i find my self chewing on rock .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "closest place you 'll find to a kyo-po market like the ones in santa clara off el camino . they have frozen pre-marinated kalbi bulgogi along with freshly marinated ones you can buy at the butcher counter . this place has all the korean spices , cooking sauces , snacks , etc ... large parking lot , clean market , legit products ... good prices .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite supermarket to go to here ! they have a crazy huge selection of those sodium filled instant noodles lol . it 's pretty exciting but we definitely do n't buy them all the time . if you love your noodles , you definitely want to come here . i love the different sizes of kimchee they sell and veggies are great to buy here . they have a great selection of seaweed too . not packed at all like other asian markets .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here for pork belly ! ! ! i leave with a fancy bill . i love coming here but it 's a quite a drive for me ... i find this place to be pricey . the food court is not bad at all ! yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they sell endive , dandelion and other super healthy and super good greens for you and very affordable : ) however other stuff in there is a little more expensive comparing to other stores in china town ... i 'll always have to swing by to buy my green leaves for my smoothies ^_^ they also have a variety of natto which i like also kelp noodles are a must here very affordable and good for you if you vegan", "score": "5"}
{"review": "greenland market ! one of the few familiar grocery stores i see in las vegas . this greenland market is alot bigger , more well maintained , and at least have fresh items - unlike most other asian grocers . bought most of my korean snacks here , and they have everything from fruits veggies , meats , seafood , hair dye , and home goods like rice cookers ! ( just in case anyone needs a rice cooker ) they have a bakery right outside the registers , and a small food court . the outside is a row full of eateries ! will def come back for all my asian foods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you want to be teleported to korea ... this is the place for you . it even smells like korea , it 's awesome . lots of korean food including soju . we go for better choices in ramen soups and also for some korean snacks . ca n't get enough choco pies ! i recommend coming here to stock up your pantry with korean specialties !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't think i 've ever seen a korean supermarket of this magnitude -cough maybe i 'm just uncultured and need to explore more- but there 's fresh korean sides in the back near the meat and the typical asian-market items . there 's also some guy-hair dye and gatsby near the bath & kitchen area . there 's also some coal-soap that my friend got to have her family try . she checked it online and it 's supposed to be good . i needed toothpaste and got some pinesalt toothpaste to spice life up a little and try it out . it 's really kewl and feels good lol . the toothpaste feels more gel-like when you squeeze it out of the bottle than other kinds . there 's also a food court , baked goods in the front ( at least when i was there ) , and a little store with some clothes that 's worth a look .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the market was of a pretty decent size and bigger than the ones found in cleveland , but it was certainly did n't blow me away like the markets in toronto . the store was very clean and it was nice to find a lot more variety of korean brands than i would normally see at the chinese markets . they also have a good selection of marinated sliced meats and some prepared banchan . wish they had more produce and asian fruits though . they do have a very nice variety of drinks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go here beacuse right outside there is a guy who does car washes from his truck . they get pretty close to detailing your vehicle for a good price . inside and out . love them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i continuously smell like kimchi because of greenland . enablers ! so , yeah , blondie here is addicted to kimchi and greenland is my proverbial crackden . as i 'm writing this review , i have a giant jar of greenland kimchi in my fridge . i have no idea what brand it is , the label is written in korean . that narrows it down , right ? anyways , greenland , besides supplying the cabbage , also has other great selections such as marinated bulgogi , kalbi , cucumber salad , stir-fry noodles , etc . i 'd highly recommend the cucumber salad . it 's excellent , very flavorful and slightly spicy . their produce selection is also pretty decent . you can find deals on oyster mushrooms and shitaki . they also sell gigantic bags of bean sprouts . if you need to make a stir-fry for 29 , check it out ! i do buy other things there but , honestly , i have no idea what they 're called . they 're good , whatever they are ! i guess i need to learn korean ... .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is really good ! there 's a wide variety in the food court and portions are pretty big . if you ca n't decide try the grilled mackerel or spicy noodles ( note its cold ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "disappointing when compared to some of the better h-marts that i 've been to -- food selection is inferior , fresh food items are inferior , and selection in little shops is also inferior . they still have a decent selection of various things , but i just wish they were a bit better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love this place . great prices . we have nothing like this in mo or ar i want to move here just for this store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "living in a remote area in arizona , roaming these aisles and seeing the loads of seafood and meats felt like pure luxury . my go to place for stocking up on korean goodies and produce when in vegas !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a generally clean and well stocked market . it is a plus that it has a food court too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they should call it `` wonderland '' . this place has a little of everything . i really enjoy just coming in here and poking around . they have an excellent selection of japanese candy and snack foods which i adore . the fish market is really fresh and they have a nice produce area as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well lit , clean , courteous help , great looking produce , organized , well maintained , and the marinated bulgogi and sides taste great . will be returning soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has arguably the cheapest japanese korean rice in town and a nice selection of things so its not terrible but , what was terrible was the food court . if i had the option of rating their food court i would give it a 1 . so there i was , i was next in line the cashier lady turned away from me and started saying angry things at the bus boy or the kid who took the trays back . it went something like this . old lady : jinhuan u no gud jinhuan : i gud . old lady : no u no gud , jinhuan : i rear gud old lady : wongtongbongsong ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! u no gud me : shil lyeh hamnida ... . excuse me ... . stand there with a $ 20 in my hand ... they kept arguing . so i walked away . i would go back for the kimchee in the supermarket though .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this was a fun mall grocery store visit . i came looking for looseleaf green tea based on a tip from a yelper . found the tea in a smaand looked at other interesting items . they carry lots of imported foods and have a small but nice produce section . the strawberry packages were huge -and those berries looked delicious ! it was an early sunday afternoon and hardly anyone was there , so no lines . i wish the tea selection were larger .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is my favouritt marcket . great selection for korean product , i hope they have more japanese one as well .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this market . anything and everything i 'm looking for or need is here . my only complaint with this place is some of the employees . i 've been going here since it has opened and i 've only come across a handful of employees who actually has good customer service skills . the rest rarely say hello or even a smile . great customer service goes along a way .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love greenland , but the lack of soy and wheat `` meats '' is what takes this down a star .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree . going down to the food court alone is worth the trip . well everything there is really good , but that 's my opinion . all the restaurants there are all the best ! if it 's your first time going here either go shop than eat or eat than shop . whichever choice you pick , you still get to leave with a happy stomach !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite asian supermarkets in las vegas . i love korean food and this place makes it so easy have a korean meal at anytime . they 've got a great selection of pre-made items including all of the little side dishes you would get at a korean restaurant . its a pain to marinate any meat just right to make the perfect bulgogi or kalbi and i do n't have to anymore . all i have to do is stop here is make a quick stop here and then cook it at home . this place has saved me a lot of headache of trying to figure out what to do for lunch or dinner .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i did a search for korean market , this is the only place that shows up in the area . they were definitely no h-mart from cali , but it was the best they got in town . the place was quite big with a modernize design located within a complex with a mini strip mall before you reach the grocery store . they even got a post office here . size is about the same as other ethnic grocery stores like 168 and ranch 99 . they do have a large variety of korean products here , like the korean paste had over 20 plus choices , and tons of brand for soju . they also have small boxes of the fresh korean small dishes for sale here . i would definitely recommend greenland supermarket if you are into korean products . the staffs were very friendly too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is about as good as it gets for korean supermarkets . they serve a wide variety of fresh and packaged foods , as well as prepared foods . there is also a small food court outside and a small bakery stand as well . the prices are fair and the food seems very fresh . they are pretty busy so i imagine turnover of their inventory is pretty good . a great find !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this store ! my kind of store ! you will surely enjoy shopping here at greenland ! thanks , i do n't have to go to california to do my monthly grocery shopping . yay ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is so essential whenever i go down to las vegas for golf . my korean food cravings are 100 % satisfied with an excellent quality food court , clean and organized groceries , and delicious ready-made foods . i especially love to pick up the kimbab , which is among the tastiest . there is a store in the back of the food court that also freshly makes boonguhbbang . the existence of this place makes my trips to lv a pleasant experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i come here mainly for the large selection of kimchi as other supermarkets ( especially chinese viet ones ) have slightly lower pricing on non-korean food products . their food court , mostly korean eateries , is awesome .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was n't too sure what i was about to get myself into . i was being sent for korean supplies , but usually go to a chinese market for the foods i need . today , grocery lists include radish kimchi and napa cabbage kimchi . i got lost in the aisles and aisles of delicious spicy ramen noodles but eventually , i made it out with everything i needed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this kim-chi ... just $ 9.99 for almost 8 lb ! ! a few ounces at the health food store is over $ 10 !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good place to buy food cook for family . i like fresh meat and fish here . japanese and korean best here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came here because a co-worker suggested i go here for some ready made bulgogi . it has just about everything you may need for your korean bbq needs . a good selection of the per-marinated stuff and some side dishes too . it has everything you can expect from and asian supermarket . parking is plentiful and they also have a food court which the wife and i have n't sampled yet . all in all i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything thing you need to barbecue korean style at your own home . great marinated bulgogi and other meats , all the vegetables that you need , kimchis , rices and sauces . we stop at this one store and get everything we need for a bomb backyard barbecue . i love it . i 'm not korean , but everyone is very cool there and it has been a great place to bring the kids to explore new foods . my favorite `` asian '' supermarket in the valley . bummer- as of december 2013 all of the food court is a ghost town- weak sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "5 stars for two different reasons . 1 . as a personal stylist who works with busy professionals , i value a retailer that has a variety of options from casual to dressy to professional in good price points . i know i 'll find a mix of hip options that i wo n't find anywhere else . heather ( shop owner ) is incredibly helpful , not pushy , and let 's me do my thing with my clients . 2 . personally , crush is my go-to for social wardrobe . it 's hard to leave crush without finding several options - i 'm usually sad bc i ca n't buy all of it and have to narrow down my choices - i 've never not loved what i got from here . : ) crush is edgy and on trend in all the right ways . must visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this boutique in scottsdale ! i walked in stressed about finding a dress for a dinner party that night . there were so many great outfits i could n't decide so i walked out with two dresses . i 've worn both dresses and have gotten so many compliments on them . thank you to heather ( owner ) and her staff for helping me and and making the experience so much fun ! ! ! crush is now my first stop when i am on a mission to find that perfect outfit and for just a visit to check out what new hot trends are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crush has the such fabulous clothes ! you can find anything from lounge wear to beautiful dresses for a night out ! i am taking a beach vacation and found just the right stuff for my trip . beautiful , fun , sexy , outfits ! ! thank you crush girls for all your help ! it is now my go to boutique ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this boutique ! ! the owner heather is such a sweetheart too ! i model and have used their clothes for a few photo shoots . i also love to shop here for my own wardrobe . it 's my `` go to '' boutique . i never leave here empty handed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection of rompers and cocktail dresses . the owner was so sweet and helped me find the perfect outfits for my upcoming vacation . staff was also really sweet .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome store . a great mix of items . crush has everything for the woman who wants to look good and be stylish . the store carries clothes for a girls night out , a business casual meeting , or a formal event . also found gifts for two people . ca n't wait to check out the website !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this place ! not only do they have amazing and unique clothing but they have the sweetest staff ! i stop in here whenever i am in the area . they have fabulous pieces , good prices and a bonus : it always smells amazing in there : ) stop in when you get a chance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best boutique from phx to scottsdale by far ! great owner , designers selection . not too many of one item ... so exclusive as well z", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best boutiques in scottsdale . the buyers purchase an amazing variety clothes from cocktail dresses , cool t-shirts , jeans , rompers , etc etc etc ... this is my `` go to '' place for any event or function . they staff is always so helpful and very creative ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crush is by far the best boutique around ! ! i usually shop online because i have a hard time finding my favorite brands in store until now ! everytime i have gone i have had amazing customer service . heather the owner is more than happy to help with anything and she has phenomenal style . she has even gone out of her way to order me a certain size that i needed for a dress that they were out of at the time in the store . im obsessed with crush ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this boutique ! it 's hard to find a small boutique that carries clothing brands like nbd , auguste , planet blue , etc . the owner heather is super friendly and helps you pick out outfits throughout the store ! all the sales associates are really helpful and friendly . overall a great shopping experience . 5 stars all the way ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "congratulations ! if you 've discovered crush you 've found the best boutique in scottsdale ! you will not only fall in love with the clothing and jewelry but you will fall in love with the staff ! heather and her team are so fun and helpful ! i did n't want to leave and i ca n't wait to come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can always count on crush to have something unique , classy , and sexy for my shows . heather is great at styling , and the quality is always the best", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best boutique in town , amazing clothes and service : ) heather the owner is super helpful and always has the coolest styles available .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , what a little gem of a boutique ! i have been shopping here since the store opened and have had nothing but a great experience each time i go . the owner heather is such a sweetheart and so helpful every time i stop by . i always leave the store with something i love - from a fun t-shirt to wear to a country concert to a totally casual weekend romper to a nice going out dress or a birthday gift for a girlfriend -- all with varying price points so you are n't breaking your bank ! heather is also great at discovering hard to find up and coming designers and keeping the store fresh and new with each season . i am also a big fan of shopping local and supporting small business owners like myself that are committed to giving back to the community .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great ! stopped in after lunch at sumo maya . there is a good selection of really nice brands . the owner is extremely friendly and helpful . i 'm happy to contribute to high quality local small businesses like this one . top notch experience all around . would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was dying for a romper that i saw on another website that was out in my size to wear for my birthday and after searching around i found the crush boutique website and my romper in my size was on there ! i was super excited but a little weary because i had never heard of this store ( i am from dallas ) but decided to order anyways after seeing all of the great yelp reviews and i could not be happier ! first off , you get 10 % off your first online order which made the romper cheaper than if i had bought it elsewhere , second , the shipping was incredibly fast , and third , it is exactly what i wanted and was shipped in great condition ! thank you so much , i had a great experience shopping from your store and i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found this great treasure over the weekend and i am officially obsessed ! ! ! i loved her selection of style and great price points ... owner is very friendly , helpful and very stylish . i felt like i tried on her entire store and had fun doing it ... she was very honest about giving me thumbs up or down . i ca n't wait to go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a boutique with unique findings at various price points . the owner was extremely friendly and has a passion for what she does . she was so excited to tell me about the australian brands they will be getting in stock . they carry fun brands such as mink pink and amuse society . will be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seen one seen them all . big chain food , all frozen and defrosted on site . bad service . and an owner who walks around like he 's king tut , waiting for his shift to be done so he can go back to chomedey .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "b\u00e2ton rouge is normally a restaurant i like to go ( the one downtown montreal , in the complexe desjardins , is one of my favorite of the branch ) . but this one left me ... dissatisfied . the service was slow ! like ... suuuppeeerrr slow . and yes , they may have a menu for the kids , but because of slowness of the service , your patience will grow thin while you try to calm down toddlers and preschoolers in their chairs . the food was an average `` ok '' , nothing to drool on ... except the special lobster poutine they had : that one was pretty good ! the cucumber mojito tasted more like water than a mojito , unfortunately . overall , the rest was pretty average for our experience at this branch .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great service and staff but not impressed with the food . compared to the other locations the ribs do n't taste like much and the fries were soggy . three of us ordered the lobster risotto ... it was reminicent of uncle bens instant rice with watery sauce and practically no taste . my advise to the `` chef '' , look up the definition of risotto on wikipedia .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mon mari a voulu m'inviter dans ce restaurant lorsque nous avons appris ma seconde grossesse ... nous etions accompagn\u00e9 de notre petit garcon de 3 ans . le service \u00e9tait horrible ! pas un bonjour ni un sourire m\u00eame quand notre petit bonhomme \u00e9tait poli et a gentiment dit bonjour a notre serveuse ... qui elle ne s ' est pas presenter . il y avait 4 choix indisponibles ... j'ai pris du poulet , tr\u00e8s bon . mon mari a pris du boeuf , la cuisson \u00e9tait pas la bonne ... a 2 reprises ! bref pas terrible.et cher pour ce que nous avons pris ... je n'y retournerai pas", "score": "2"}
{"review": "big decline over the years . went for sunday lunch . place was empty . the waitress was n't particularly friendly . did n't check on us very often or refill our water without being told . i got steak and fries . asked for my steak rare . whatever i got was at the very least a solid medium . it was also overly salty . could barely taste the ( tough ) meat . fries are good and well seasoned as always though . very disappointed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this should be a 3.5 review , not just three . this is a basic baton rouge place . the good : customer service seems to be important here . we got good service from the entrance to the table , and by the waitress . waitress was always smiling . the bad : waitress also has a drenched sweat shirt . food was ordinary . not exceptional . waitress had to come back to verify our order . th reason this place gets a 3.5 , it is because their service is really good . they got that part right .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food nothing to write home about , but not too bad either . i had a veggie sandwich which came packed with grilled veggies on bland , soggy white bread and fries , which were very tasty . my friend got the ribs and liked them a lot . as soon as he let me try his baked potato i wished i had ordered that as my side : it was the best thing on the menu ! i am not in a rush to go back , as for the quality i think it was a little pricey . the ambience was pleasant enough , though , and the food passable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "little disappointed , i just bought a tske out , i espicially told them no salt , only black pepper , but when i eat it , it tast very salty ... ... so i can only eat the veges besides now ... ... ... i hope they could really listen client 's need , when i says no salt really means no salt ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i hope this can be constructive . since reopening for the season with new management some things have been weird . everything seems messier and dirtier , and the food greasier and or more sugary . i 've had sandwich bread toasted to crouton level , extra unnecessary sugar sprinkled on stuff , french toast served with copious amounts of syrup already poured on it ( usually the individual eating it gets to do this ) some kind of non-dairy queso sauce added where there never was any before . everything on the menu last year felt fresh and was delicious . i really ca n't say that is true anymore . i keep going back , wanting to like it , but i do n't . it seems like there are some odd ideas taking over . the customer service seems a bit awkward and disingenuous , and the person or people working seem a bit high strung when it was really pretty chill last year .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the smoothies were great ! that falafel sandwich though ... i 'll stick to banzo . it was beyond dry and took way too long to make since we were the only ones there . will come back for a smoothie but that 's probably it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i stumbled upon this little gem as i was out exploring . i 'm just visiting for a couple days and was desperate for a quick and healthy lunch with a comfortable environment . wow , did this place hit the spot . i was welcomed enthusiatically and given an overview of the menu . i ordered the sweet potato hash with a side of fruit . it had the perfect level of seasoning and spice . and my egg on top was cooked exactly over medium like i asked . they also do a wonderful job reducing waste and have clearly marked signage as to which items go into which bin . excellent service and delicious food . if i 'm ever back in town i would definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cute interior -- very clean , super friendly service , and one of the better club sandwiches i 've had ! i was in a rush and the food came out quickly without sacrificing flavor or presentation -- everything was made to order , even the sliced turkey on my club . the guy working could n't have been nicer ! would definitely recommend as a lunch spot -- there are a good amount of vegetarian and vegan options as well which i always appreciate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my nails done with the new gel shellac polish that everyone is raving about . my experience at another salon was not so good . brenda , the nail tech who did my nails promised it would last 2 weeks , no chipping , if not to come back and she would fix them . just 4 days after i paid $ 35 for a french manicure they began to chip ! i went back in . she was rude , said it was because my nails were short . she filed them , making them shorter , while we were both still standing and sent me out . 2 days later all of my nails were chipping . the promised 2 weeks , did n't even last a week and they did n't follow through on their promise to fix . horrible service . will never go there again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had a manicure and pedicure today from henry over at nail brand this place is wonderful the service was so good he did such a great job on my feet and my hands so polite spoke perfect english i will definitely go back to the salon very sweet people here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely loved it . the people are friendly and will always try to seat and care for you in a timely manner . it 's great because the price is reasonable and they have a wide selection of polishes and gels definitely recommend because the paint lasts forever and the massages are wonderful ! even though there was a little bit of a language barrier they did such a great job and care on both pedicures and manicures it was silly not to come . for sure will come again to see the people and get my nails did ! absolutely amazing quality ! tammy was my nail technician and the store manager wilson was great in assisting . she was definitely great in doing my pedicure and gave me the absolute full treatment . she also did my gels and was so careful with my skin . i do n't have enough time to ever get myself treated but i 'm really glad i did come to her she really does a fantastic job with everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have been under new management for almost a year now ! they do amazing gels pedicures and full set ! helen and joann are great with nails i suggest requesting then and they also have a variety of colors and i love that ! the salon is very clean and i love that the liners are in the pedicure chairs ! give them a try you will be satisfied", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i wish i could give this place 0 stars terrible terrible terrible $ 35 for a regular fill and terrible job.. i was in there for 1 hour and a half.. they cut me several times with their electric nail file , and one was bleeding to the point where they had to spray it and ask me to go wash my hands.. on top of this the acrylic is completely uneven.. i will never go there ever again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is amazing and does an amazing job on nails . the workers are extremely friendly and know what they 're doing . there is an enormous amount of colors to choose from . the shop was very clean and sanitary . the gel & acrylics were beautiful . i recommend joann who did an outstanding job on my nails .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only been in once but i had a great experience . i popped in without an appointment and i was the only customer . this place just reopened after being closed for a long time due to an elderly driver driving through the place . new ownership - a single mom . my nails look great and it has been one week and they are doing great . give it a try ... ..i love supporting single mom 's in the world !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! best customer service and very clean . wo n't go anywhere else . highly recommend ! ! always get in and get out quickly and the people are absolutely accommodating . very friendly ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i was referred to this place by a friend . she said her mani lasted three weeks and just raved about the service . i am the type that it takes a lot for me to be satisfied at a nail place ... . well , nail brand blew me away ! ! ! ! 25 $ for the most beautiful gel mani - $ 45 for an hr and a half pedi ... they were so kind and generous . great energy coming from staff ! they totally made my day : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mother found this place right when it opened , and was super impressed . she said they did a wonderful job , and loved the included massage ! she 's been back since , and it was just as good the second time around . as of now , they 're still offering 20 % off all services as a new salon , so the price is extra good !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience at my first visit at this place . it is small , neat and clean . good color selection . it was not busy surprisingly for a saturday . everyone is very friendly and pricing is very affordable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wilson and helen were great . very gentle and took their time . i had my gel removed and they took their time and most importantly they did n't use the file machine . it was by hand . i definitely will be a regular with my two daughters .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the salon is extremely clean , nice atmosphere and good chairs . i just got a mani this afternoon and i am very happy i choose nail brand # 1 helen is super great and always does a great job . joan is on other hand is super nice and friendly . every time i go there it makes me feel relaxed.i really love this place . they take their time and they do not rush their job to make you feel uncomfortable.i would highly recommend this business to anyone looking for quality and great service for an affordable price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this salon , hidden little gem ! best mani and pedicure ! customer for life ! you will not be disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came across this one salon when i was in scottsdale with my dad , and the entire experience was just fantastic . the place was almost full of customers at the time i came in but they took me in almost right away . i got a simple manicure for the holiday , which was done by tammy , and it was beautiful . tammy is one of the best nail technician i have come across in a long time . she was meticulous , paying close attention to every last bit of details on my nails . the salon environment was great too . it 's been quite some time since i got to relax because of the hectic semester i had , but this place allowed me to finally relax , and i loved it ! `` thank you , tammy ! i 'll be back soon ! ''", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the only reason i 'm giving this a 3 is my massage therapist was good & gave a thorough & professional massage . other than that , the 2 girls at the front desk were very unfriendly ( i do n't think either one cracked a smile during the check-in or check-out process ) . love your job much ? ? my biggest beef was a very shady attempt to charge me an extra $ 34.00 + tip on a gift card i had received & was using . the front desk girl ( who had the same blank look on her face the entire time , even when she was trying to converse with me ) tried to tell me it was because the gift card reflected the member rate & i was n't a member . i told her that did n't make sense , it was a gift for a 90 minute massage including gratuity . she said she would `` discount it '' for me this time , but i would have to join to get that rate next time ... guess what honey ? there will be no next time . sorry therapist !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i called to make an appointment . i really needed someone who could give me a deep tissue massage . the person i spoke to recommended an `` amazing therapist . '' it was awful . as soon as the massage therapist felt my back , she told me that she could n't do a deep tissue massage after 4 massages . she massaged me , but seemed bored . i kept getting the same strokes over and over . what was the point of going to have massage if i ca n't get the help that i need ? it was a completely worthless trip , time and money . i should have used my money to buy a book at borders and dinner at paradise cafe .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "make sure you get an appointment with kamber - she 's amazing ! ! one of the best massage therapists i 've ever been to and everyone at the mayo location is incredibly friendly and caring !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just called and received poor customer service . asked for an inventory check `` i just walked past there and i did n't see any '' would n't even check again . asked to check inventory room `` i would need the bar code and i ca n't get that right now '' then he hung up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the multitude of horrifying experiences i 've had here would give you nightmares and would take way too long to list . buyer beware : do not use site-to-store .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all the pharmacy staff are awesome they got all our medications transferred from texas to ohio . they 're all so polite & friendly . the pharmacist that i 've talked with is so nice friendly & well knowledge about his job . it 's nice to feel welcomed & it was so easy to get this all handled & they did it so fast thank u all for a awesome job we appreciate u all . or how we say in texas we appreciate y'all", "score": "5"}
{"review": "typical walmart - really the only great one i 've been to is the one in fredonia and even that one slips up from time to time . this place is set up - as the almost always are - the same as the next one . however , the staff are n't really that helpful - the store was very disorganized and dirty . they need a wake up call here for sure !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the worst walmart i have ever been in . dirty , long lines , poor customer service , etc .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "clearly the most disgusting and dirtiest walmart i have ever been in . i 'll spend the extra $ $ and go to target . never again !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pathetic . and i just saw a handicapped woman in a scooter ask where the bathrooms were , and the worker shook his head and walked away .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "small little place . not a bad selection of stuff . i went in to get a shirt and shorts . was in and out quick .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "just kidding . i just took my car to a real mechanic , and he asked if i actually paid money for the shitty rig job mike did on my car , and was surprised my car was actually still running . thanks for taking advantage of a girl in distress , jerk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mike is the best and i refer all my friends to him . he 's honest , professional and reasonable !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this shop is a complete joke . on two separate occasions they gave my roommate misinformation about the repairs needed for her vehicle . they price gouge bad and try to have her purchase parts that were unneeded for her issue . i strongly advise everyone to get a second opinion before giving this shop any money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i drive an older car with a lot of miles , so naturally i spend time looking at a lot of mechanocs in my city and mikes auto is definitely the best . the free towing service they offer alone will save you more than any other mechanic , and mike himself is an homest buisnessman not looking to tack on tons of unnecessary charges like the other shops . my car needed its heads replaced and they had everything done within a week . when i drove home afterwards there was actually another problem with my car overheating . i called mike and he towed it back within an hour and i had it the next day , and it did n't cost me a cent . definitely the only auto shop i will use from know on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike and everyone one who works here are extraordinary ! they 've helped me every time without an appt and are so spot on . prices are better than fair too ! thanks for always being my go to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mike and his family has the best customer service in phoenix arizona , not only will i be back but i will recommend their service to anyone . what i mostly love about their service was they can look you in the eye and tell you the truth and not beat around the bush about pricing on your car plus they get the job done thank you mike 's auto .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car there yesterday because it had been making a screeching sound under the hood for a couple days . mike himself drove my car for a short while and initially thought it was something minor ; like perhaps a dented dust-guard . once up , he saw the problem was that my brake pads were dangerously thin and in need of repair . so all in all , i paid roughly $ 291 for new front brake pads and new rotors . i did some research and my dealership probably would have charged around 4- $ 500 for the same work , on top of a $ 200 or so diagnostic charge . i ca n't speak for some others here who claimed to have had bad experiences with there ; maybe they did and maybe some are just trying to give mike a bad name . but i had a nice experience ; mike himself got me in right away and gave me a good price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have taken my car to mike 's auto about four times now . after moving to phoenix my 10 year old car started giving me major problems , but now it runs like a new car ! everyone working here is very friendly and inviting and they have the best prices in town ! i will always bring my car here ... thank you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the shop was kind enough to take a look at my improperly installed brake pads and rotors without charging anything as i had already paid another hope it . mike 's son lupe was courteous and professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am not one to complain so despite reading all the negative comments about this place i decided to give it a try . come to find out these ppl were n't kidding . i took my car in thanks to the towing truck guy who reassured me they could fix my issue for cheap and in a little amount of time . liesssss ! they ended up charging me almost 2,000 . of course i contacted another shop and sadly informed me that as a matter of fact i was being scammed , am so dissapointed . these ppl are so unprofessional and only want your money . do not go there !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really happy with mike first i had my 2004 ford exped towed to him bc of a leaking brake fluid . they gave me fair procing and even gave me courtesy service to exchange the flat tire . im very greatful for all the hard work and them goin the extra mile . if you want great service from a honest and a mechanic team that deserves your truat this is it . im def going to call him for every thing auto related now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've brought our cars to mikes several times with varying success , but this last time we brought our truck , mikes auto repair completely failed us . he had our truck for almost a month for an engine issue , and the day after we picked it up , the engine completely blew out and it needed towing . to his credit , mike did try to research and fix the issue , but clearly he and his staff are not knowledgable on complex repairs . their customer service is terrible ; we would n't get updates for weeks , and would have to call him to ask for status updates . his voicemail is n't set up , so you have to keep calling , and he prefers to communicate via text which means that you 're not getting the whole story when you ask for an update . when you 're in his office he does n't look at you when he 's speaking , and you 're often waiting for 15 minutes before you 're even acknowledged . nice guy but less than satisfactory work and service . not returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place and its owners are crooks ! ! ! they stripped the bolts on my car and then tried to force me to pay for a towing job so that they could fix their damage . when i told them i was calling the police to file a report ( which i did ) they told me 'good luck with that ' . i highly recommend you do not even think about using such an unreputable company ! ! ! i 'm also calling 3-on-your-side , american express and napa ! i took pictures of the damages , have my receipts where i had to pay for it to be fixed somewhere else , and have my next door neighbor as a before and after witness ... we 're going to court !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "entery level mechanics incapapable of doing work that requires extra effort without keeping the vehicle for extended ranges of time , we were told that the car could be worked on multiple times over the course of a month . after trial and error for 3 appointments only to find out it wasnt worth their time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the environment inviting easy on the eyes , the staff are friendly . i would highly recommend this spa to anyone living in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a nice hidden gem ! my girlfriends and i were exhausted from planning a friend 's shower party and we decided to celebrate at a spa . this spa catered to our mini party where we brought our own food & champagne that we enjoyed while getting excellent foot and body massages ( the therapists just knew where to `` knead '' out our fatigue spots ! ) we enjoyed very much the serene view from the reflexology room ( into the horizon on yonge st ) and beautiful marble floor . a unique experience , i definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my wife 's and my first massage ever . we recommend the couples massage with the hot rocks . it was amazing ! the spa owner came to meet us on a holiday weekend and did a thorough massage for an hour . the spa is clean and tastefully designed . the price was very affordable . what i reality appreciated was that they treated us like family or at least like we were regular customers . i would not hesitate to come here again the next time i 'm in toronto . guys , do this for yourself and your lady , she will feel special !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "daniel has done a great job , timely and efficiently for us . we 've had a couple of jobs that were time sensitive and he was able to get it done . would definitely recommend his services to others .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been calling daniel out to my house for the past 3 months and ca n't really complain about anything . he 's done an amazing job with our mesquite trees , lawn , and bushes . what really set him apart was his willingness to go the extra mile and make sure that the work was done correctly the first time around . i 've recommended dd to a couple of my friends and neither of them have had anything negative to say about his service either . i 'll continue calling him for my landscaping in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to whoever wrote back ... i did call your company , using the number on your website . and from the business card left in my yard . i called several times . left messages , left emails , etc . no one called back . period . so as far as my husband and i are concerned , this is on your company . do n't worry , i let people in our neighborhood know . thanks for 'trying ' to make it right but you failed by not calling back or emailing back when this happened .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "service was ok . decor was ok. cleanliness was ok. food was bland but there was a lot of it . maybe their pizza is better ? ambiance was great for a date night , but i probably wo n't be back because it was a forgettable visit . the waiter disappeared after serving our food . we finally had to track down another server for a to go box and the check .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i live close by this location and i 've been wanting to try it for the longest time so yesterday i did and it was a waste of money . i purchased the philly steak sub and it was all bread , mushrooms , and green peppers , very , very little beef . my dog would n't even eat it , it went in the trash . i also purchased the large antipasto salad that smelled like it just came out of a bag from the grocery store that was loaded with chemicals , it also went in the trash , very disappointed . i should have just went to giuseppe 's on 28th , their food is always outstanding !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been going to red devil for years . always know what you are going to get here . good pizza , sandwiches , wings and more . the service is great and the prices are reasonable .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for old school pizza and wings . bare bones restaurant in dire need of updating , but good pizza . while waiting for a table , i ordered a glass of house cab , not good , but i drank it anyway .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "looooove red devils and looooove this location . our order is always prepared in a timely manner and super delicious ! whether sit down or take out , the quality has not wavered . their wings are also really yummy ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "red devil on 32nd street and mcdowell is my favorite restaurant of all time . i 've tried almost everything on the menu since i 've started visiting ( 1983 ) . being born and raised here in phoenix why my family never brought me here as a kid , i 'll never know . the ambience is great . they have a cozy bar and the lighting is perfect ( red like ) . i have been to the others on bell and in tempe as well but the original is near me . joe d , doug , diane and melvin are 4 of the reasons why red devil lives on ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place rocks ! great service , awesome food , and comfortable atmosphere . the prices are reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was really good , however the environment was nothing short of a zoo . the staff did nothing but laugh scream and flirt . never was asked how the food was only did you want anything else because we are closing . i would have asked to speak with the manager however the manager was involved in the party as well from flirting with the employees to hugging on them . i smell a lawsuit in the making . i would recommend the food just get it to go .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have always love red devil . there pizza and wing special is amazing ! i recently has alfredo pasta and it was awesome . my husband has the spaghetti and he did not like the marinara sauce used . he said it was tasteless . all in all this is a great little place to enjoy some great pizza", "score": "4"}
{"review": "let me start off by saying that i 've been going to this location for 30+ years . the only food i order here is the bruschetta , pizza and wings . they have a pizza and wings special for $ 26 and it 's the best pizza in town . i 've been to the other locations but for some reason the pizza and wings taste best here . i live in the far west valley and i make the trip all the way to east phoenix to enjoy their pizza . if you 're ever in the area i would recommend the pizza and wings special to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to go here a lot as a kid . it was kind of a tradition for my family to go there after phoenix giants firebirds games . or was it before the games ? i do n't know . anyway , as a kid , it was my favorite pizza . then we lost the firebirds , and a few years later i moved to los angeles for school , and i went several years without going here . in the last two years , i 've finally made it back to red devil on a couple occasions . the restaurant is just as it was when i was a kid , right down to the old-school arcade game in the corner . and the pizza tastes the same too . and while it 's still very good , i 've got a couple favorite pizza joints in l.a. that edge it out . still , when i 'm in phoenix and i 'm hankering pizza , i do n't know of a better place to go to satisfy the craving .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "some of the best wings i 've ever had in the valley . also ordered a pizza which turned out to be very good as well . the crust is very fluffy and just a couple of slices and you will be filled .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not a lot of breakfast options on york campus outside the second cup and the what a bagel . came here for the breakfast sandwich . if you want veggies on it , its more money ... kinda meh . should probably have stuck to the cinnamon buns .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "anyone who goes to york university knows that going anywhere outside of campus for food can me a `` mission '' to say the least . so with limited options comes limited food quality from my culinary experiences at york university . i visited treats as i was feeling like having a nice drink but did n't feel like paying starbucks or second cup prices ( i still did anyways ) . i ordered the chai latte thinking it would be of decent quality . while the drink was acceptable , it was nowhere near the the quality one would expect after paying $ 4 for a drink . the reason for the three stars is based on the service i received and nothing more . if you 're on campus and want a special hot drink , i would say go somewhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the price is pretty moderate considering it is campus food . you have the option to customize your food however you want . many options for vegetarian and vegan style food . you could say this would be another attempt for healthier food choices . it 's good they provide the calories and all ingredients in every item . they also have a coffee section as well as a bubble tea section . i ordered the steak signature bowl . if you do n't want rice , you can sub it for a leafy veggie . the beef was marinated okay and texture was n't too bad . just stay away from the bbq sauce cuz it 's pretty strong . does n't really taste like bbq sauce ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pizza pizza ! i have never dined here , but have picked up pizza numerous times . i like it a lot . it 's better than most other pizza and it 's really close to my house . belfiore has a restaurant on one side and a deli bakery on the other , the cannolis are really good too . i have not tried the other treats but i plan to sometime soon ( as soon as i forget my new years resolution ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awhile back , belfiore 's used to be called amorosos & sons -- a top-notch place to get new york style pizza and delicious italian pastries . i do n't think it is owned by the same people anymore , but it still has that ny italian vibe and the pizza is still pretty good . you can order a regular crust pizza or sicilian style . i 'm not a big fan of thick-crust pizza , so we decided for the regular crust . it was a little greasy for my taste , but definitely better than what most pizza places serve . and , their cannolis are to die for ! i recommend the ones dipped in chocolate . you ca n't get any more decadent than that ! one last thing ... expect to wait . their pizzas are made to order , so it takes awhile to get served , and it can get pretty busy , so be patient ( i will try to take my own advice on my next visit . ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been going here for years and it really depends on what you order . pizza is very good but some entrees are not . tonight i ordered pasta with red clam sauce . it tasted spoiled , probably canned clams . i asked for another entree and the waitress said the were backed up in the kitechen and did i want to eat it anyway ? ? so i just had the green beans . she took the meal off the bill but said she would still charge me for the beans ? ? with no dinner . obviously there is a lack of management here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i was really disappointed . we were in on a tuesday night . service was friendly but very slow . they `` forgot '' lots of things . we received our side item when we were almost finished with our entree . food was ok but way overpriced for quality of the meal . i wo n't likely go again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new york style pizza by the slice . yum yum ! this place is reasonably priced , has good service and quality ingredients . they also have an awesome bakery . the atmosphere is n't the greatest , but the food is well worth a visit . too bad they do n't deliver !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've had the sandwiches + pizza + pastries in the deli portion , i 've also been in the sit-down side of things . both were a-ok . nothing spectacular or amazing , just good . i like the fact they always have at least 4 5 different pizzas ready to go . also , i enjoy the sandwiches but do n't like the frozen spinach that 's used . the pastries are probably the best thing there . in the sit-down portion the pastas were large and filling , albeit not extremely flavorful . the service was nothing to brag about , the calamari was pretty good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place was just down the street from my previous home , and we went there quite frequently . we never dined in the dining room , just got sandwiches , ny style pizza slices , calzones from the bakery deli . the italian cold sandwich is scrumptious ! the calzones are some of the best i 've ever had . i 've only had the pizza by the slice , and it 's really good . i love there italian wedding soup , yum ! the deli is a little run down , but we always found the people to be pleasant and they have a strong local following .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "when we first moved here from nj we had a hard time finding good pizza . we would ask neighbors ( from minnesota and michigan ) where we could get good pizza and they would recommend places . we would go and it took us a lot of trail and error to figure out that people from the midwest do n't know what good pizza is supposed to taste like . after a lot of trail and error we found belfiore 's . the first time we went here it was amazing . the owners were from the bronx and knew how to make pizza and italian food . not long after it was sold to a younger couple . they kept to the original recipe 's and traditions . so for a while it was great . i have noticed a steady downward spiral since then . i still prefer their pizza to any of the surrounding pizzeria 's but they are starting to get sloppy and lazy . they slices are getting smaller and blander . i still have hope for belfieore 's . it 's worth a shot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "closed ! went by the restaurant today and the new sign out front says `` dino 's '' ... ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "stopped in here briefly two saturday 's ago and was in need of some quick food for the road to get back to sd . got the sicilian pizza , and the crust was very good . and also got several of these ham & onion rolls . these rolls were so good , i was talking about them for days . i even called them back only to find out that they were a speciality that they offer on saturday 's . the ladies were very nice as well !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great food , made from scratch and good , honest staff . bakery is authentic and it 's a great spot to stop in and get a slice of pizza on the go . the ambiance is unmemorable but do n't get caught up in that . if you want a good authentic meal , eat at belfiore . if you want cheesy ambiance , go to the place with the pope room . ; )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "belfiore is now closed . i went today with a friend for lunch and we were so sad to see that there is a sign that after 10 years they have had to close . we loved their baked goods and the lunch specials . so sorry to see you leave , belfiore !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta love this place . i discovered it about four weeks ago based on a recommendation from a co-worker . i was in the mood for a `` good '' deli , somewhere that treated the art of sandwich making seriously . i found it . since my first visit , rest assured , i 've eaten there about 18 times . tried a few different things , but their calzones , pizza , sandwiches , pastries , pasta salads , and breads are all amazing . unfortunately , they could really use some help on the customer service side . they 've had a sign on the door since my first visit looking for help , but as you can imagine , good help is hard to find . plus , you ca n't just hire anyone that could possibly treat the food as well as they do . it 's obviously more than business at belfiore 's , it 's passion..", "score": "4"}
{"review": "belfiore 's has a huge menu and items are served in huge portions ! i had the eggplant parm with a side of spaghetti , and it was definitely better than most . i was stuffed at the restaurant and stuffed the next day when i ate the leftovers . their pizza is also pretty decent and an excellent , comparably priced alternate to the crap franchise chains in phoenix . but , most importantly , their bakery is out of this world . every single cookie is delicious and reminds me of childhood with italian neighbors . they also make a variety of breads , and even make a few flavors of gellato . the cookies can be a little pricey if you pick `` a couple of these and a couple of those , '' but every time the little pink box is empty at home , i 'm already craving more . belfiore 's is perfect for family dining or date night . though the restaurant itself is n't all that impressive , the staff is super friendly and is knowledgeable about each and every menu item . go check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a hidden gem in north central phoenix . it 's a family owned restaurant that is n't much to look at from the outside ( in a little strip mall ) and is n't very fancy on the inside . but what it lacks in decor it more than makes up for in taste . they make all their breads , desserts , pastas and sausage by hand . it is some of the best italian sausage and tiramisu i 've ever had in my life - and i 've been to almost all the old italian neighborhoods in the east coast cities . if you want `` real '' pizza like that from ny or philly , this is the place to go . i special order their hot italian sausage every year for my christmas party and serve that along with their sweet italian sausage . i also order their tiramisu . i get nothing but rave reviews from my guests every year . i would definitely recommend belfiore to anyone looking for a simple but delicious italian meal , pizza or dessert .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best sicilian pizza in phoenix . from a brooklyn native regular pie is good too not a fancy restaurant , but the place is the real deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in a strip mall , nothing fancy . very outdated decor . rude staff with extremely inefficient service . food was good when we finally received it . our food did n't come out together and our party had to wait for one another to finish eating . soup came after our entrees were delivered to the table . definitely do not recommend as female waitress was `` hitting on '' the female guest at my table . very inappropriate .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow wow wow ! amazing ! i stopped in for the first time today and ordered the chicken marinera hoagie , it was simply amazing ! ! ! great food , authentic ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "enjoyed finding this restaurant thanks to an entertainment book coupon . i had baked ziti with a side of meatballs and enjoyed it all very much . the quantity was enough for dinner 3 nights in a row . service was extremely friendly . when i went to peek at the bakery , i decided to pick out one cookie to try so the server gave it to me on the house . it was delicious . there is also a small deli area where i noticed they sold ricotta salata -- it 's not always easy to find . the last purchase was from whole foods and it lacked flavor so i 'm looking forward to the day i need it again so i can try belfiore 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a great family restaurant . i have been going here for years . the decor is dated more 80 's old but large with two dining sections . ny style pizza , calzones and stuffed rolls that are great , my favorite is eggplant . there is a selection of them already made or you can order off the menu . there is a small selection of gnocchi or ravioli that they make and then freeze . the bakery they have is really great . they have a good selection of italian pastries and cookies like pignoli cookies , eclairs , tiramisu and different kinds of cannoli 's including chocolate dipped . some come in both a regular and a smaller size which is nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw this place on property wars and since we are always in search of an authentic cannoli , we had to try it . we were not disappointed ! i also had a chicken parmigiana hero and it was delicious . the atmosphere is very low key , but the food is worth the trip . it is nice to have a little piece of brooklyn in our backyard .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a small , i believe family owned , italian restaurant . the food it served in large portions . the salads they serve with the meal is about a handful of lettuce and a tomato wedge . it leave a little to be desired . i have had the chicken parmesan and the fettuccine alfredo . both were decent , but nothing to brag about . i have never left without having some uneaten portion to take home . the pizza is probably the best thing that they serve . i would recommend it to a friend .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! you must try the calzone it 's delicious & huge ! ! ! ! the pasta sauces are home made & taste amazing . you must try the pasta with vodka sauce or pasta with marinara sauce ( it 's all super fresh ) . very nice staff , super friendly they make you feel like family ( very warm atmosphere ) . it 's easily in my top 3 italian restaurants i have ever been to . it 's casual dinning & laid back . save room for dessert , very nice assortment of authentic italian cookies & desserts .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was very good - we all needed doggy bags ! service was fast and friendly . would definitely come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "belfiore has become one of my favorite local italian joints to frequent . the food is always amazing and the dishes are large enough to eat family style which makes it that much more affordable . the reason i rated them a 4 star instead of a 5 is because of the lack of consistency in good service . most of the time , it 's wonderful , but there have been times when they are understaffed , and the flow of service seems discombobulated and hectic . if you 're looking for great , local italian food , this is definitely the place for you . if the girls seem overly busy , just breath and be patient -- after all , they are running not only the restaurant , but the deli bakery portion of the building too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have always had good experiences here . i love the specialties and the pizza but the pastries are where it 's at . my favorite one is the lobster tail with cannoli filling . we went with a group a year or so ago after a friends graduation and the food was good and the environment is more on the casual side .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "belfiore has been on of my favorite places for years . unfortunately they have been closed down for the past few months and when you call the message says they are under new management and going through renovations . i hope they open again soon .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "friendly staff . yummy pizza and calzones . spurge on the chicken sorrento ... chicken , ham , eggplant , cheese . yum !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . great value . even in the entertainment book . service is good as well . i recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "found this restaurant through restaurant.com . we started off with a salad made with bagged lettuce . i had the chicken marsala , the flavor was decent , but the sauce was very watery . my husband had the ravioli and it was very bland . honestly , most frozen ravioli is better than this stuff . the decor was also pretty out dated and needs to be updated.the service was good , but we wo n't be returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food is definitely five stars . big portions and top quality . their chicken dishes are especially delicious ! i only gave 4 stars though because it could use at least a little brightening up inside . the decor and tables do not reflect the menu very well . i do n't mind it myself , at least it 's always clean , but if i were to go on a first date , unfortunately this is probably not the place i would go . either way , i 'm a huge fan and my mouth is watering just thinking about the chicken parm ! great service too .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed a very tasty italian cold cut sandwich today for lunch . the meat was portioned well , and the bread was perfect . will eat here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was good . the quantities were enormous . you are not going to go hungry here . we at here one sunday evening and had a nice quiet meal . the waitress tipped the wine bottle over a spilled some wine , so she brought us a free glass to compensate . that was nice . we picked up some cookies and pastries on the way out . delicious . we will definitely return .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great white pizza . great regular slices . ny style rainbow cookies and black and white cookies . as close to ny pizza as you 'll get in phoenix or anywhere near phoenix . too bad they ca n't import nyc water for the dough . very good bread too . it does look like a place you 'd find on staten island or in brooklyn . what 's wrong with that ! ? service is great . they are just busy and from new york . they are n't going to be fake to you but once you know them , they 've got your back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "thank you yelp.com for helping my husband and i find this restaurant . i have been turning to yelp more often when we run out of ideas for what to eat . it is amazing how important reviews are . i would give this place 3.75 stars , but since i have to round to the nearest star , 4 is n't to bad . the ambiance is simple , not to fancy . you enter into the front room which is a grocery and bakery and then to the left is the dining area . we started off with the fried ravioli 's . they were kind of cold still in the middle , but that did n't stop us from finishing them . husband had chicken parm , which he enjoyed and i had the angel hair with meat sauce . when i tell you the portions are huge , do n't doubt it . i ate lunch for two days after as did my coworkers , with what i had left over . i would defiantly return . but maybe not rush back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "belfiore 's is my choice for some of the best italian in the valley . as an nyc ex-pat ( i moved to phoenix in '96 ) , i am very judgmental about pizza , calzones , and canoli especially . all good at belfiore 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a little hole in the wall place connected to a bakery cafe , but their fettuicine alfredo is probably the best i 've had in the phoenix area . the place was reccomended to me by real italians so you know the place has good food ... and probably some sort of mafia connection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is our favorite local italian place . the neighborhood and ambiance is not much but the food is outstanding . we always enjoy our meal and the portions are so large that we usually leave with lots of leftovers . service is also very friendly and nice . we have recommended many friends and family to this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thee best cannoli 's youre gon na find in this state ! ! i love that theyre crunchy when you bite into them , not like some of the others ive found varying from places like a grocery store bakery and even a fancy itialian restaurant where the shell is soggy , ughh . belfiore also has mini sized cannoli 's that are about half the size of a regular cannoli and are great for portion control lol ! ive seen them here in a variety such as white chocolate dipped shells , milk chocolate dipped shells and the traditional powder sugar dusted , , with that perfectly blended filling.. theyre all delicious ! its also a family owned mom and pop joint which i am always in favor of supporting . ive had just about every bakery item they sell and nothing has ever disappointed . from the pignolis to the rainbow cookies to the lobster tails , your sweet tooth will be pleased everytime !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "as you all know cave creek rd can get sketchy at times and you have to be careful where you dine . in my experience it is necessary to bring a seat liner to most of the restaurants on cave creek ! belfiore 's is different , thank goodness ! when you walk in you are greeted with pastries , gelato , and the smell of fresh pizza . if you decide to sit in the dinning area you get a nice stack of fresh crusty rolls and butter . the portions are huge , so count on sharing unless you are just a pig . service is very pleasant and helpful and the clientele is middle class or higher , so no worries about the guy pushing the shopping cart on the side of the road . lol ! not only can you get great pasta and meat dishes but you can also get your weekly supply of cold cuts . they have the best deal in town for boars head meats . way lower than fry 's . so go check it out !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is one of those `` blink and you miss it '' places . but the food is fantastic . i would not recommend their dining room , as i find the service rather slow . which is why we often order our food takeout . the calzone 's are our favorite and we end up with leftover for a few night . the breads and red sauce are fantastic ! very authentic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is heavy here , my wife and i like to stop by here to purchase their raw pizza dough instead . it keeps really well . usually only lasts in our house about 3 days , but there are so many different things you can use it for with . we 've had their sandwiches here a bunch . lots and lots of cheese on it . definitely a place you only want to come to on your cheat days for your diet . and if you are n't dieting you can go more .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "unfortunately , not what i expected . i went with 2 other friends a little more than an hour before they close ( 9pm ) . we walked in and the first lady looked at my like i was from another planet and i awkwardly said , umm we 'd like to eat dinner ? she then told the chef that it 's going to be a long night..right in front of me ! if your open for another hour , there should be no problem serving a customer . the d\u00e9cor is extremely outdated and the vibe is not comfortable at all . the portions are huge but food is bland . the carbanara had way to much sauce , no vegetables and very little bacon . the lasagna was ok , mine is better . the vodka sauce however was very delicious . the food was extremely overpriced i could n't believe it ! i really wanted to like this place since it 's a family owned restaurant but i will not be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is decent . i 've tried their pastries and enjoyed them . i had an open baked veggie roll the other day and it was enough to get me by till dinner . it 's not a place i would go because i 'm craving something on their menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i grew up in the bronx ... as the owners ... .i was so excited ... and the food did not disappoint me ... i want to try everything on the menu ... .because what i ate was fabulous ! the service was the best !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to the jerk `` daenerys s. '' who gave a review dated 11 1 2014 why lie the restorante has been closed since august fool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service here was very nice . the bread they brought out was excellent . the salad was a nice touch but mainly iceburg lettuce and a plastic cup of salad dressing . the waitress made a recommendation but didnt mention it takes longer to cook than other dishes . i think i sat waiting for 15 mins before she alerted me to this fact . the veal was good but not outstanding . overpriced imo for what you get . beer menu limited . also grabbed a pastry on my way out which was the best part .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i am a big fan of tsunami 's sushi ! they apparently changed their name to 'mi sushi and teppan ' very recently but nothing else seemed to change . i have been going to this restaurant since jan. '07 and i have never been disappointed . the sushi is always fresh and prepared very well . they offer many specialty rolls and each table has a picture menu and description of all of the rolls . i really like to comfortable environment and the staff has always been very attentive and quick . they have a couple of tvs near the sushi bar that usually have sports on but they accommodate any requests . for those who like trying new sushi treats , try their `` mound of yummy '' salad . it is made of layers of seaweed salad , squid salad , and fresh sashimi with a touch of sesame oil . brilliant ! p.s . i have never tried their teppan tables but there are usually quite a few smiling groups seated at them during the evenings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i enjoyed my late night dinner at tsunami and my sushi chef was so pleasant and conversational . i took a safe route and got one roll from their special board ( a citrus concoction ) and a spicy tuna roll . the bar wine list was limited and they had lots of umbrella pictures on the bar menu . i would visit again .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "owned and operated by koreans . food is aright to the average person , bit on the high $ $ side though . i 'm a picky eater , so i 'll have to say i ca n't rate them high on the taste or quality . service was outrageously bad though . we had a very nosy korean waitress , and she would interrogate my group with personal questions . btw ; this is the same nosy waitress that used to work at mido sushi . holy crud , save me from her ! ! ! run .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had sushi there today . nice place . good food . nice service . get the flaming dragon roll . it comes out on fire . they 're sushi is very artsy and beautiful . i 'd go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my fiance and i have been trying to find a sushi place in chandler that measures up to masa sushi in mesa ! we have been to mi sushi a few times and the sushi is pretty good . we always get take out and this last time we were waiting and the chef sent over a plate of fruit for us ! that was really nice ! my only big complaint is that we will order a roll that does n't mention anything being deep fried in the roll description ( i am not into deep fried sushi ) and one or two rolls always ends up having something fried in it . not a huge deal , just a little annoying . the service was great and the atmosphere is nice . i would recommend it for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're a sushi-lover , do not go to this restaurant - their sushi and rolls were not good . it was actually the first time in our lives when we saw a woman ( i believe korean ) making sushi . either this particular woman was n't good or everybody at this place cooks this way . rice for sushi was very sticky , heavy and it was put in large amounts . each sushi piece looked almost x2 the size ; fish was cut in thick pieces , so sushi did n't taste good at all . rolls were better , but still pretty average - not worth going to this specific place . also , though we asked & wrote down `` no cucumber '' it was in all rolls , which can be one time mistake or their regular attitude towards customers with special requests . p.s . we went to this restaurant in august 2006 and have never visited it again . maybe they have a different chef now ... go check", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's no ra , but it 's local , small and personable . i 've been there multiple times and it 's been great everytime . dragon roll is great , nancy roll and the cute fruit dessert at the end . i keep it local , and i 'll be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "while we have never had the sushi at this restaurant , we love the tappan . we always get the best service and attention there , the ladies seem to love entertaining . we have a 4 year old son , and they take him to the kitchen and give him icecream , pretty much cater to him while we enjoy our food . we were even served cold saki complimentary one night . my husband went there to get gift certificates for our friends for christmas , they gave him samples of new items while he waited . we really enjoy going and have a large group scheduled to go on valentines day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to grab some great sushi . me and my buddy got the flaming dragon and baked scallops - both very excellent choices that do not disappoint . also , their miso soup is very underrated ; one of the best parts of the meal and its free when you dine in ! service was quick , but we were the only table there . and , the food did n't take too long to come out either . did n't want to knock off a star , so i 'd like to say that their closed from 3 to 5 , and lately i have n't been able to go as much . hopefully it will change ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are new to the north hills area and had some friends re-introduce us to magic the gathering . we needed some new dice and were delighted to find this hobby shop very close to our place ! the owner , phil , was extremely welcoming and hospitable . we chatted with him about getting back into the card game and he made some great recommendation for the type of dice we should get and booster card packs that would improve our decks . we browsed around the store and were very impressed by the variety of specialty board games and rpg games that he had in stock . he even had settlers of catan , a rare favorite of ours , along with expansion packs and other games similar to it . if you enjoy the mass-produced usual board games you can find anywhere , you should definitely branch out and try something from this store ! we will definitely be going back for all of our magic gaming needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "classic gaming shop with rooms tables for gamers . friendly owner , and friendly patrons . ( once i was there with my son , and poked our head into a room ... `` heh , you want to join us ! '' ) i will go back again and again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "game masters is a pittsburgh gaming institution and has been around for ages under the same owner . in terms of games knowledge , i have yet to meet an owner who can out-do phil . he really goes out of his way to make sure he understands everything he 's selling so that he can make good recommendations based on your personal tastes . this store is very bright , very well lit and extremely friendly . walking into game masters is like being greeted by long-lost family every time . this is a great shop with a great selection and very good people . i ca n't recommend it highly enough !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phil runs a tight shop . glad to help him out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the privilege to have scott palumbo as my attorney . everything went smoothly and i always knew what to expect . he took the time to answer my questions thoroughly and gave me a sense of ease . scott was very easy to contact when i needed something . i find scott 's character honest , knowledgeable , and confident . i am more than happy with the results .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott palumbo was highly recommended by a friend who is an attorney and boy was i impressed . he handled my case with ease , he is smart and innovative and he does n't take `` you ca n't do that '' as an answer . many said my particular accident would be impossible to win due the specifics of my case . but not for scott palumbo . he was successful within a year 's time . he is what i call a miracle worker . i never had a problem reaching him or his legal assistant , susan . i would occasionally e-mail them to see how things were going and always got a response back the same day if not within the hour . they were always pleasant to work with and never made me feel like my questions were trivial . now , i also highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was in a terrible motorcycle accident in 2012 that resulted in permanent injuries . i found scott palumbo quite by accident in 2013 and was so glad that i did , as the original attorney i was with , lost his license to practice law ! right from the start , you could tell that you were dealing with a talented family man who is passionate about his work , and who has principals and integrity . i immediately knew that i was in capable , experienced hands , which instantly put my mind at ease after the experience i had with the prior attorney . over the last couple of years i have gotten to know scott & all i can tell you is that he is an exceptional one in a million professional and is a man of substance . he is detailed , trustworthy , provides expert guidance , informative through out the entire process , gets results and most importantly puts your interests well ahead of his own . i will always be truly grateful to both scott and his extremely competent legal assistant susan and consider myself very blessed for having found him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff was friendly and service prompt . we tried the meat lovers skillet , meat lovers breakfast , and a chocolate chip pancake with whipped cream . all of our food was prepared as ordered and tasty . luke 's is your typical american style cafe diner . the food was good , but there was n't really anything that set this place apart from any other roadside diner . it 's nice to have a good comfort breakfast food spot in mcfarland though . i 'd go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i stopped in here the day after christmas . they were slightly busy but we got a table right away . we both ordered a skillet with pancakes and it was amazing ! ! we even had enough leftovers for breakfast the next day ! we are happy to have something go into this space that seems to be doing so well ! we always love supporting local businesses also . we will definitely be going back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nice place fast friendly service reasonably priced good size portions . i enjoy the skillets meat lovers being our favorite mainly come for breakfast.had 4 different styles of eggs always cooked perfectly kids loved the pancakes only been there once for lunch solid burgers beverages never went empty till we said no more not omg spectacular but very good food at a reasonable price with excellent friendly service worth a visit . not open for dinner", "score": "4"}
{"review": "classic diner . nice staff . my order of eggs benedict was cooked perfectly . coffee was n't my favorite , but it was hot and refilled often . not the fanciest atmosphere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "k\u00f6nnte sogar noch mehr punkte bekommen wenn die lakritzauswahl gr\u00f6\u00dfer w\u00e4re ; ) ein h\u00fcbscher kleiner laden , und was besonders wichtig ist : mit einer engagierten , freundlichen bedienung , die wirklich noch ber\u00e4t . ich kaufe hier entweder f\u00fcr mich ( lakritze ! ! ! ! ) oder eben mal als geschenk etwas : pralinen beispielsweise . es gibt f\u00fcr jeden geldbeutel was und leckere sachen aller art", "score": "3"}
{"review": "konspirative kalorienbeschaffung in degerloch gibt es auch einen von diesen l\u00e4den , wo besonders weibliche k\u00e4ufer erst links und rechts schauen ob sie auch keiner erkennt , bevor sie sch\u00e4mig hineinschl\u00fcpfen . nein , nein . kein sexshop ! sowas in degerloch ? nicht doch ! eine art chocolaterie.. puff-reis , gummis in allen formen und farben , pralle pralinen , schokolade in teils absonderlichen formennein , nein es ist wirklich nur ein s\u00fc\u00dfwarengesch\u00e4ft . aber man kann nicht leugnen , dass die fantasie angeregt wird . ; ) ) ) m\u00e4dels , wenn ihr eurer besten freundin mal so richtig die figur verderben wollt : nichts wie hin ! es gibt auch schokolierte trocken-fr\u00fcchte . besonders gemein , dann kann man auch noch sagen : ich hab dir doch nur etwas obst besorgt . inzwischen hat hussel die susi verschluckt . wohl bekomm 's . solange sich am angebot nichts \u00e4ndert .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "der susi s\u00fc\u00dfi-laden hat eine gro\u00dfe auswahl feiner pralinen und schokoladen aber auch lakritze und m\u00e4usespeck . es gibt dort auch marzipangl\u00fccksschweinchen . der laden kriegt von mir 3 punkte , weil die \u00f6ffnungszeiten so sind , dass ich dort meistens nicht einkaufen kann : - (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite little deli 's . for 5 dollars you get a giant grinder sub and a bag of home-made chips . i 've had 7 of the different sandwiches here and they were all fantastic . the chef is one of the nicest guys around and such a pleasure to talk to . i highly recommend getting lunch here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cupka 's cafe ii on east carson street gets all the attention , but this is the original cupka 's cafe , tucked away on the corner of 27th and jane . ( the sign outside says `` cupka 's cafe '' , the name `` richard cupka deli '' is news to me . ) when i worked in the south side works , this became my favorite place to eat lunch , and the mccupka became my favorite hamburger to eat there . patty hand-molded from ground beef , `` special sauce '' , lettuce , and a wonderful soft bun . since moving to new york i 've been searching for it 's equivalent but have yet to find it . it 's a small place , about four tables . the woman who would wait on us was sweet and i feel guilty that i do know her name . all the sandwiches are magnificent . make sure you are hungry before you go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice surprise in south side . great food and terrific prices", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice little coffee shop to hang out in by southside works . i like it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love these stores ! the ny ny one ( this one ) had the best selection of pashimas - i think during my lst trip to lv , i can say , that i have successfully sussed all of them out , and bought nifty items at each . the pins , the pashimas . sun glasses - love all of it ! such a great little place , i picked up my black pash , on our way to dinner , cause i was cold and had forgotten my ( much more expensive real ) pashima and popped in and grabbed one . i was so happy i did , and now i take it with me as my travel pash everywhere , i 'm not gon na cry if it gets lost ruined , and i plan to pick up several more on this next trip !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "got ta love $ 10 everything deals ! i always try to stop by whenever i 'm in vegas , i love love love the clutches here . at $ 10 each , i can afford to get every color to match with my outfits lol . the ones i bought , none of them broke down on me yet . i do n't really care for the watches , sunglasses , pashimas , etc offered in this store but whatever floats your boat , as long as you 're getting a deal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really wish these stores would be available everywhere ... but then they would n't be as special , right ? i bought a few scarves here that will jazz up my outfits throughout the entire year at $ 10 each . $ 10 ! ! and the quality is n't that bad . great place for cute accessories that will not dent your wallet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , it 's crappy cheap stuff . but it 's cheap , and awesome . you can buy that outrageous yellow metallic bag that is n't worth more than $ 10 . and when it falls apart 3 months later , you 're okay with it . i always stop here when i head to vegas ... the airport location is my favorite .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "$ 10 is a great deal specially for us women who tend to change our styles quite often .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place . i have been to a few of them in vegas at the casinos when i visit and they have really cute accessories for a great price . the pashminas are a steal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just bought a watch and pashmina from there . the selection was great and $ 10 for each is a steal . i ca n't wait to go back and buy more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bijoux terner is the 99 cent store of `` luxury '' shopping . everything in the store is $ 10 , and they offer a good selection of bags , hats , watches , jewelry , and scarves . if you promised someone a gift from the casino , this is your best bet . there are bijoux terner locations all over . this was the best of the new york , new york , shopping that i saw .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had never heard of terner until i got on a bermuda cruise and the ship offered terner watches , scarves , manicure sets and ties as a `` last chance '' $ 10 sale . by the way everyone was pushing and shoving , i thought terner was some luxury manufacturer that my poor ignorant self was n't aware of . so i gave in to the herd mentality and bought a plain steel watch that i later found i have picked up for $ 5 in chinatown or a nyc street fair . everything else looked mostly cheap and vulgar - the pashimas were , again , the same thin kind i 'd seen at dozens of street fairs ; the evening bags were made of double sided cardboard covered with polyester fabric and stiff to the touch ; and the faux crocodile manicure sets were the kind you sometimes see at 99 cent stores . the fact that this is the brand often sold on cruise ships and casinos should tell you something . i 'll stick to h & m .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i got this brand new straw hat in a garage sale . it 's soft big and well made with real straw . i paid $ 2.00 . for its quality , i decided to google and locate the store . and i definitely will visit the store when i am vegas or on cruise . for $ 10 , you can not go wrong for too much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been to all of the recent iterations of this bar - world of beer , wasted grain and now the funky monk . we stopped in this afternoon for a drink and to watch the nba playoff game . the bartender welcomed us in and checked on us periodically , the bar was quieter than all of the other area bars , but maybe because it is such a new concept ( or maybe more of a club at night ) , and they have a pretty extensive drink list . i settled on a cherry lime mule and loved it - well mixed , refreshing and so tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is good , only came in for a quick drink and snack . we had the pretzel sticks . the beer cheese these came with was excellent and i am not usually a fan of beer cheese . it appears to be more of a night time bar than a day drinking place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a cheap beer on mill , you reallly ca n't beat `` the monk '' , as the kids are calling it . however , with a cheap price , comes a cheap beer . somewhat stale , with low-quality servers . overall , come here if you want a cheap beer before casa , however , do not come here expecting an above-par experience . sad !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "since the day this place opened , alway had club banging music and regardless the best vibes . always , been greeted with the friendliest and down to earth people . if you ever want a place to start a ypur night at , dunky monks is the place to be at !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't think i 'll ever need to go to any other establishment in tempe , arizona after coming to the funky monk . staff , service , menu , energy.. it 's all on point . prices are reasonable , drink and food selection is on point . staff is beyond incredible . i do n't think i can say enough good things about this spot ! ! ! if you find yourself on mill st , stop here . and treat yourself to a cosmic slushie while you 're at it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great apps and a solid beers . a couple of the legs were popped but still really like the place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in twice- one time they had their `` soft '' opening with a limited menu and the second time they did n't have a happy hour menu established yet . the pictures of the food they posted online did not match their menu . not coming back a third time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was convenient and the ac rocks . after being in that heat this was like an oasis . the beer cold the jameson , jameson never a complaint . casual", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the website looked good . i knew the area had a lot to offer , so my wife and i went out of our way to try this square one concepts , inc. restaurant . it was a thursday night before the 4th of july weekend in a `` college town '' area , so there was plenty of open seating . the cook must have been surprised to have guests because they were n't prepared to make what we ordered off the menu . we compromised for appetizers and brew . we 'll consider giving it another try due to location , reputation , and good-funk-feel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my handbags and jackets look better than brand new when i have them cleaned at jovas . i 've taken my designer bags to other places in the past and have been terribly dissapointed . jova 's prices are half of what i paid elsewhere , the items are ready more quickly and the quality of the work is simply so much better ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on april 15 , 2014 i took my joe rocket super hawk leather motorcycle jacket that developed two splits of the leather on each arm about 5 inches in length ! i took it to jova 's leather on the two yelp reviews that i seen and the ower harry was very nice and explained to me how he could fix the jacket and asked what day i wanted it ready ! i felt very confident that it would turn out great and when i went to picked it up we both had a hard time finding the splits that were there before : ) very good work and very affordable ! thanks again harry : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recommend jova 's to everyone , especially performers . i wo n't go to anyone else for my dance shoe repair , they know what they 're doing and prices are fair . the owners have always been so friendly to me too . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is las vegas best shoe repair ! ! ! georget and harry are absolutely delightful . high quality workmanship and very fair prices . stopped there today for heel protectors and to add additional belt holes and it took 5 minutes . their services include repairs of all types of shoes , bags , belts , wallets , leather pants , and jackets ; suede and leather cleaning and dying . harry also has dezigno leather works ... custom order leather gear , boot repair , patches and stitching . phone 702-734-0002", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best shoe repair and amazing customer service hands down ! ! the owner of the store fixed the zipper on my favorite sandal in 30 seconds and charged me way less than what they had quoted me over yelp . amazing ppl i will definitely be coming back so they can repair my coach purses thanks guys for saving my ultimate favorite sandals ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a leather wallet that was torn up . lost hope but found this little shoe repair shop by unlv . owner assured me that it would look as beautiful as new . and they did excellent job . it was fair price and job done momentarily .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my heel of my allen edmonds fall off while in vegas for a convention . the lovely couple at jova 's replaced my soles in 10 minutes . pretty awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's been a few years since i 've needed jova 's services , but this is the place in las vegas to get your shoes repaired or renewed . i had a very pricey pair of allen edmonds park avenues that got ripped a chunk out of one of their elegant calfskin plain cap toes . where it was damaged , on a plain style like that , these shoes should have been a total loss . jova 's was able to expertly repair them - the damage was n't completely gone ; it was simply impossible in this case , short of replacing the entire toe with new leather - but they were once again very serviceable . this is old world craftsmanship and decades of expertise ( jova 's is no longer decorated with autographed glossies of its celebrity clientele , but this is the cobbler to ol ' blue eyes himself . that 's right , these are the hands that fixed the shoes of frank sinatra himself ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not very appealing to look at as you can see from the attached photo , though it 's a good family run basic place to grab a warm roll in the cold winter mornings along with a coffee tea to take away with you or simply sit in and gaze out the floor to ceiling windows watching by passers struggle with their shopping bags , staff are friendly and welcoming very child friendly . items reasonably priced . nothing special really exactly what you 'd expect from a `` cafe ''", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food is ok but count your change and make sure to add bill up before you go to the till as person on the till allways adds it up to be more expensive", "score": "2"}
{"review": "best bacon rolls in town , great for that early morning fry up or a quick meal and the staff are friendly and helpful . seats and tables outside .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their hot rolls are good , but we had some bigger sit-down breakfasts ( see pics ) , and i was n't impressed with . much of it . the eggs especially , but also most everything else lacked quite a bit of flavor . i consider myself a bit of a breakfast connoisseur , but since i 'm from the states , i might have a different palate than the scots . regardless , i think this is better for hot roll takeaways than sit down meals . they also do n't accept credit cards , which was surprising and discouraging .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "check out virtue salon & spa . come get dolled up with the virtue staff . offering makeup sessions and blow outs styles for a friday or saturday night . offering microdermabrasion facials with instant results as well as head to toe waxing . full listing of services on www.virtuesalonandspa.com", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's not often i write reviews , however after getting ready for work this morning and realizing how much i love my hair , i felt the need to thank the team at virtue since they are truly responsible for it ! walked into virtue 3 years ago with what had been deemed `` difficult hair '' . after a consultation and my first color & cut with xhenis , all that changed . i learned it was more than the magic that happened while i sat in the chair , but also keeping up with my hair between visits . we found the pureology products best for maintaining my color and conditioning and i have been one happy camper ever since . so thank you virtue for today 's and everyday 's good hair day ! and thank you addi & nini for the fabulous mani pedi ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a crummy place , i will not be returning ! be careful going here if you are allergic to mold spores .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible salon with rude staff . there was some miscommunication about booking and i called ahead to cancel my appointment for today since i just needed tomorrow . the owner janice told me since i cancelled today to find another salon for tomorrow .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have had my hair done twice at virtue now and i will definitely be back ! xhenis is amazing ! ! she is as sweet and personable as could be and the cut is fantastic ! ! it is exactly what i had hoped for ! ! highly recommended ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped by virtue salon + spa this morning for a hair cut with their stylist janette . she started off with shampooing my hair and added a great head massage while conditioning . i was looking for a trim and she did more than that ... she created a style and look . i have super unruly curly thick cuban girl hair and she tamed my locks using a cocktail of hair products . she also managed to thin out my hair which has been a challenge to find a capable stylist in charlotte to tackle that task . i walked out of the salon with a great hair cut and look forward to booking future appointments with janette !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "virtue salon +spa is by far one of the best salon & spas in the charlotte area ! the staff are very welcoming and listen closely to what it is that you want . they do everything there ! ! i set my facials first , then start on my color , and while i have my hair processing , i get my nails polished all while sipping on a nice glass of wine . ca n't get much better than this ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to virtue for several years . i have never used their hair or nail services but must say mary beth is the best esthetician i 've ever visited ! she is so knowledgeable and really creates a custom experience based on each customer 's skin . she tells you about the products she plans to use , and why , so you know what to expect , and then lets you relax while she works . she is punctual ( previous appointments never seem to run over ) , friendly , has a great memory , and takes her profession seriously . mary beth also gives a lot of free samples and never tries too hard to sell products . the services are expensive but my skin looks and feels so clear afterwards that i only need to go in for microderm facials about once every 2 months . i am already looking forward to my next appointment !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "virtue salon has become the place to get the best hair cut around town for me . the staff are trendy and very knowledgeable and courteous . roxanne did an incredible job on my hair and she has an incredible personality . i would definitely recommend virtue to anyone , male or female .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my second time at the virtue salon . the first time the owner xhanis cut my hair and she did a great job ! she was not hesitant to let you know if something would n't work on you , which i appreciated very much ! kelsie cut my hair the second time and did a great job as well ! all the girls there are very friendly and are attentive to your needs , like asking if you 'd like anything to drink . the building is clean and i love how it 's bight and open . not many salons are like that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i always hope for the best expect the worst when finding a new salon stylist . virtue salon and my stylist hilary totally exceeded my expectations . it was a friendly clean professional atmosphere . i brought pics to show hilary and then she continued to ask questions about my hair as she analyzed my texture and face shape . the highlights and lowlites she did look awesome and i love the cut to . my hair is curly but i wear it straight and the way she texturized it makes it super simple to style at home . definately check out hilary at virtue .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roxanne and all the staff at virtue salon are amazing ! i have used all services they provide and never disappointed . i 've referred many friends over and they all agree . roxanne did such a great job on my wedding hair and party , people reached out to me on facebook wanting to book her . i look forward to my trips to virtue and you will too ! 5 star treatment from a professional , clean , affordable , and amazing staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roxanne is amazing ! best stylist in charlotte ! the salon is always welcoming and clean . it 's my favorite place in charlotte to get my hair done and i 've been everywhere !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first off , the chapel is beautiful inside and out . the staff is extremely friendly and helpful . we had a young but very handsome limo driver named greg . he was also very friendly and even held out his hand when i got out of the limo . he informed us on some really good restaurants and shows to see while we were in town . and for that we tipped him very well ! : ) our photos were amazing . me and my husband were very pleased with how they came out . we purchased the photo cd so that we would leave that day with all the photos that the photographer took . our package came with 40 or 50 photos and he shot 84 so he definitely went above and beyond the required amount . our minister named jamie was super friendly and had a beautiful service . i was very pleased with everything ! i will recommend a special memory to all of my family and friends ! you all should get married here too . you wo n't be disappointed ! : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their service was bad , though this is a nice chapel . nobody served us when my wife and i stepped into the chapel . they kept us waiting for a long time . the photos are not satisfiable as well . it was really hard for us to pick out six photos from scores of photos he took . the only thing that i would recommend was the minister and the driver . i really love the minister 's words and the driver was so kind that he took several pictures for us out of the chapel .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i will keep this very simple , they just do n't care . the limo drivers were nice , that was the highpoint of our wedding . whats more we have been waiting over 2 weeks for our photos because of a website glitch that is n't allowing them to show up . every day goes like this ... + we call and ask where our photos are + the person on the other end of the phone has no idea what we are talking about even though we have called 14 times already . + we explain the problem + they tell us somebody will call back and we will have our photos at the end of the day ... nobody calls back ever , still no photos . there has been no integrity in their actions . there are many great places to get married in las vegas ... i would pick another . update : they also screwd up our video , the video uses about 20 % of the screen , there is a big tacky logo across the bottom say wedding celebration and no sound . i wisth i could leave a zero .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "read this review before getting your marriage license among those who 's promoting their `` wedding chapel '' , they will promise you to give you wedding service at chapel with low cost . this is a big fat lie ! a guy outside of marriage bureau offered us to give wedding ceremony at $ 45 at the chapel and told us the wedding is free if they charge a penny more . israel even offered a limo back to our hotel after ceremony . they gave me a ride to the chapel and disappeared soon as i got off the car . so.. this is where fun story begins . you had to pay extra $ 65 on top of $ 45 to perform ceremony in the chapel . limo ? yeah right , they dropped us off at taxi stand . a special memory wedding chapel will cheat and lie to you on your very special moment to get your business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "cat mouse game have to play with this people to get our pictures posted online . 5 to 7 days has past but no pictures.. sucks . talked to arora ( front counter ) girl and they only promise but no action . very disappointing . still no picture . this place takes your money and then who cares.. but have to to agree 1 thing very clean and nice place . dont expect speedy service . : ( : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if your looking to get married in vegas this is the place . we got married at the valley of fire everything went perfectly . we arranged everything via email and a couple phone calls few months later when we got to las vegas stopped in to pay , since they do all the arrangements with a small deposit . despite being extremely busy they got to me right away answered all my questions super nice unrushed service . when the wedding day came limo showed up right on time with an awesome driver , after the wedding cake and champagne was ready in the limo . photographer was great spent about an hour going around the park getting the best shots . overall really great experience.. i do n't plan on getting married again but if i did it would be here . i recommend anyone looking to get married in vegas go to special memory you wo n't be disappointed", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got married here on 11 11 11 with no complaints at all . everything went real smooth with the staff being real friendly and helpful . will recommend to friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we decided to get married in las vegas and stumbled onto a special memory 's site and i 'm so glad we did . after looking through all of the wedding options on the site , we went forward with the helicopter ride . it was the easiest process you could imagine for a wedding ! we literally called and after speaking to aurora for about 10 minutes , we had our wedding booked . unfortunately on our way out to vegas from chicago , we were delayed due to our flight having `` mechanical issues '' and we were n't able to make our wedding that friday night as was planned . while waiting at the airport for our bags , we called to let a special memory know what was going on . within about 10 minutes , the gentleman on the phone was able to move our whole wedding back a day to saturday . this was an amazing experience , the photos are beautiful ( brandy was our photographer - really sweet ! ) , and i highly recommend this team to anybody looking to do something fun for their wedding .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my brother shotgunned it during a leave from iraq , and gave the entire family one weeks notice to book it to vegas in february of 2010 . he chose 'a special memory ' for his ceremony and everything went great on my end as a guest . our chapel room seated a good 40-50 , was clean , nice , and there were a few cute places to take pictures outside . i ca n't comment on prices or customer service , but knowing my brother , it must have been reasonable and the people obviously did n't piss him off ... they 're still standing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst place ever . one of the male photographers rushed taking pictures & told us that we had a limit amount of time to take pictures . yes , you may be busy . yes you have other customers . you do n't have to be rude ! second , they scammed $ 100 from us by 'saying ' that was did something that we did n't . & also , they pulled out a contract & 'said ' it was signed , but clearly no signature was on it . just be careful at this place . never again will we ever recommend this horrible place . who wants to spend their wedding day , giving someone $ 100 of your hard earned cash.. just letting you guys know . hope this helps..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we were married there on july 1 2015 my partner and my self .they treated us with so much respect from the first phone call till the day it happened ; they were just great .they explain everything in detail so no surprise would recommend them in a heartbeat plan to go there to renew our vows on july 1 2016", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually these chapels are tiny and old looking . this one is bigger and fairly new . it was clean , they had nice staff , an area for the bride and groom to get dressed . it even has a drive thru service . i gave 4 stars because if you are 1 min late , they will reschedule you for $ 100- so a bit nerve wracking .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for fast , cheap , and non personal wedding , this is the spot . it 's just another 30 minutes wham bam thank you for the $ $ $ , now get your party out of here so i can get the next couple married . the ugly : seriously , the `` planner '' rushed everyone in , including the bridesmaids and groomsmen . idk why he did that . he then wanted to `` clear '' the area . ugh , it made no sense . sooo disappointed with this place . in my humble opinion , if your looking for a shitty mcdonalds experience wedding , come here ! i am steve e. and i fully do not recommend this place to any of my friends !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you so much for an amazing wedding day ! iona and team truly made our wedding day the best in every way ! the limo driver was amazing and the photographer was too ! i am so happy with the extraordinary service we received and would highly recommend a special memory wedding chapel to anyone getting married in vegas . our pictures and dvd were lovely and iona was so supportive and friendly . we ca n't wait to renew our vows ! thank you so much !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where else can you go to witness a minute wedding . this place is on point and professional at the same time . the place was nice on the inside . you would have thought it was a normal chappelish place . the staff was good . there was a cab issue ... the cabs dont like to swing by there but if you walk one street up really like ft walla .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we had a wonderful experience today from start to finish ! everyone there was nice and we did n't feel rushed ( we had the place to ourselves ) . the limo driver arthur was awesome ! the photographer took great pictures and she was so nice ! it could not have gone better , thank you for such a special day for us ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i were married at a special memory and everything was awesome , could n't have asked for more . the minister , the elvis we had , the staff , the limo driver , everyone made our day very special , the service was exceptional , would recommend this chapel to all who come to vegas and want a+ wedding . ps they have the most professional limo drivers in vegas ... ... ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband moved here on a fiance visa and we had to be married within 90 days . while we were planning a `` real '' wedding with family in the upcoming months , we needed something quick in terms of a civil ceremony . because i love doing things `` off the beaten path , '' we opted for a drive-thru wedding . i had low expectations in terms of service . i simply expected fun and something different . i was pleasantly surprised at how nice the staff makes things ! my bouquet was lovely . the limo driver was friendly and great . six of us rode in the limo and friends were able to be part of the ceremony . i felt the prices were very reasonable for the packages . the only hang-up i have is the primitive photo system . i got prints in lieu of jpegs online or a download somehow . one could order a cd which i recall being quite expensive . i 'm stuck with useless prints when i 'd rather have paid for a couple of jpegs to be downloaded .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "2 weeks ago my soon to be husband and i were shopping around to fit our needs . this place seems to be the one . we have a lot of family and wanted to make sure we can have everyone be here . they wo n't charge you a $ 10 person fee like other chapels . karina has made the booking experience easy for us . she has sent emails answering my questions . she even suggested a photo cd that will have our photos immediately after the ceremony and will allow my guests to take pictures- videos . she has made this very exciting ! we will be celebrating the ceremony in november . will update review post ceremony hopefully everything goes smooth ... ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i are not from nevada and planned our wedding ceremony here . we were impressed with everything ! our limo driver picked us up on time and was very nice . the staff who checked us in were also very nice and professional . even though our ceremony was short , the minister made it special and said such thoughtful words . we had ordered fresh flowers ( bouquets and boutenneers ) for ourselves and the wedding party - they were well-done and very fresh ! the chapel even had a beautiful fresh flower display in the front of the chapel . after the ceremony we took extra pictures in the chapel and around the grounds . the photographer was very nice and accommodating . all of our guests were very impressed with the chapel and the ceremony . all in all i give this place 5 stars ! having our ceremony here was stress-free and they really did make it a special memory for us ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing venue and great people . we did a drive-thru wedding and expected it to be average at best . they blew us away . they were so sweet , so caring and really made the wedding special . we got all the perks , the best photos ever and really had a romantic wedding , which is hard to accomplish in a drive thru wedding . the ladies at the wedding chapel really knew how to make it special .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were married here on may 14th . i am so impressed by the attention to detail , to the customer service , to the professionalism . florin was the minister who married us - i wish i would have recorded this ... .while he did not know us , his words and message were more than perfect for us . a very memorable event ... .and we are forever grateful . and special thanks for florin !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got married on may . i have n't received my photo yet ! do not go this place . the lady at the front dest is very rude . she play games with costumer . do not go this place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i booked this church for my wedding on july 22,2016 through a app called viator . and i was extremely pleased with everything . the only issue we had was the first limo the air was obviously broken . vegas temp that day was 110 so it was hot . we where all dressed up and sweating badly in our nice clothes . i gave it a 5 star because aside from that issue everything went smoothly and it was the best experience of my life . staff was friendly they picked us up at mgm on time took us to court house and to chapel . when we arrived at the chapel staff was friendly and took care of everything . my group was a little rowdy and no one seemed to mind . ceremony was beautiful and so where pics . they provided us with a new limo and the driver was the bomb . that made up for the previous ride over . he stopped us to store had champagne in limo after ceremony . i would highly recommend this chapel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited this chapel 3 times before the wedding date in person and was never told about tipping the preacher in cash - then just minutes before getting married - they told me that i have to tip the preacher and then told me the amount - ( the first time ) - it was 40 dollars and then she walked to the desk and then came back and told me it was 60 dollars - mandatory tip in cash - i am getting married and had no cash with me - good thing i had some family with me because they chipped in to pay the preacher . they also never told us that we had to say something to each other after the vows - talk about trying to come up with something to say - in the spur of the moment - wish they would have told us that so we could have been prepared for that one . the best part of the day was that i got to marry the girl of my dreams ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm really disappointed . we got married may 8th , we were unable too see our photo proofs until a week later ( even after numerous calls ) . we just now received our photos and the quality is horrible ! we got higher quility photos from our cell phones . very disappointed & we would not recommend this chapel . vegas or not , they really need to raise their standard .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "class act and met expectations traditional , friendly , well kept and very clean staff was very helpful and all the focus was on us limousine from hotel to marriage license office ... to chapel and back to the mgm was a great touch and part of the package we obtained . all types of packages , but book direct with the wedding chapel as dealing directly means nothing is missed in communications and expectations ... had a great wedding ... .just the two of us and the very friendly staff", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we do n't believe in expensive weddings , why waist all that money when you can waist it on other fun things in life . unless money is no issue of course . we went to this chapel because it had a drive thru ! lol . they also offer small intimate weddings inside and other services . good service , the wait was not long , minister that married us said some good vows , we said our , `` i do 's '' and on our way we were to gamble , smoke , hit up the buffets and drink . i love las vegas . 1111 is our number .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not bad . there are better churasquiera 's out there , but this is n't bad either , for the area . the chicken is good . the wings are good ( nice grill taste ) . the hot sauce is the star . the house salad is not impressive . the rice is dry . the potatoes are ok. all in all , a fresh option for the area .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i rated this establishment a 1 because i never got a chance to eat thier food . went in on a thursday night at 5:30 p.m . there was two people in the restaurant . i wanted to order a 1 4 chicken but it was not on the menu . i could only order 1 2 chicken . i hate white meat so i asked if i could have the 1 2 chicken but all dark and the person at the counter said no substitutions . since the employee was so inflexible i left . i guess this location is so busy they do n't require the business . poor customer service and i wo n't be going back . i can go to swiss chalet and order a 1 4 chicken . it was my first time at this location and my last .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was at the medical centre and was starving , and since theres only 2 food options in the plaza i decided to try here . nice and close . i ordered at the counter and sat down . my food was ready and brought to me within 4 minutes which probably means it was ready from before and sitting there.. but whatever . id also ordered grilled chicken , & shed given me the half chicken combo . very good portioning , ceaser sauce for my salad was put on my table so i could pour myself which i appreciate because nobody understands how much i love my extra dressing . was pretty good chicken . not complaining . & i was full , means a happy me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "while the food is alright , they have a thing or two to learn about customer service . i placed an order for pick up in approx 30 mins , and when i get there , am told that because i was about 5-10 mins late , they gave my order away to someone else because they were super busy and needed the order . excuse me ? what 's the point of placing an order ahead of time ? it 's not like this is a reservation ! i ended up having to wait another 15-20 mins for my order . if i were n't so hungry i would have left . and if it was because my order was lost or something , just man up and apologize . pathetic !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so were do i start end of a dynasty chicken usedbto be so good now its dry and not spicy even wen ordered spicy why cause they dont give you sauce unless u pay rediculous price for it safe to say not going back to either location", "score": "2"}
{"review": "good chicken and great value but . slow service when you take out . the house sauce is out of control . you get one ounce with a whole chicken dinner . typically unorganized when you get there . if you can deal with the mess , the food is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good chicken , average fries , poor rice , average salad , great sauce . once again service was terrible . so much attitude . order in advance , then make you wait long without an apology . do n't like the way they charge an extra $ 5 for sauce , when i purchase $ 80 of chicken . attitude stinks .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "well.. wo n't be going back here . the service was horrible , they forgot half our food order . the food itself was `` meh '' . not good compared to places like churrasco villa ( mt . pleasant & eglinton ) . the chicken was dry.. sauce was ok . when i went to pay , and told the woman that they forgot parts of our order , she did n't even apologize.. my money will be spent elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bad customer service and old chicken put it back in fryer too make it look fresh . the owner is not even poteguese !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is a little bland . ordered the other day for pick-up .. asked for a chicken dinner with rice and potatoes + sandwich . when i went to pick it up they only gave me the sandwich ( with toppings i asked for not to be on ) . asked where the chicken dinner was .. they never took that order down .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great value for excellent food , try the pork slices with the piri piri sauce .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we stopped here for lunch before going to the doctors office . chicken was dry but tasty . make sure you order sauce because it helps if the chicken is dry . good amount of food for the price . my daughter liked the kids chicken meal and ate all of the chicken . normally she does not finish her lunch but she liked the chicken . we ordered french fries as well . they are home made and ok but not spectacular , i think they use the wrong potato type for fries .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we often come to this restaurant - best portuguese sauce you can get . today these guys were super under-staffed , there was a huge rush of people and only one server . i felt so bad for her . when the food came out , my soup was cold.. the chicken was way over cooked , it was basically a piece of dust . our rice was so undercooked , it was practically raw . we have been coming here for so many years with no complaints , this was a very disappointing visit .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is the newer of 2 locations in the medical building plaza just by the vaughan richmond hill border . being a new location , the decor washrooms general appearance of the place is new and clean . personally , 80 % of my opinion of a restaurant is based on the food and the last 20 % is the service and price . this place excels at the food quality . there is n't a single item on the menu i do n't like . the sauce they have , rooster juice i call it , is incredible . as far as price and service , it 's average price and service is average at best . they get very busy during peak meal times so you can expect a wait . honestly if you expect your food in 5 minutes , you are going to be disappointed . all in all , a solid 3.5 stars ( sometimes 4 ) from me !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've never been to a restaurant ( especially portuguese ) where you have to pay extra for sauce . i bought a chicken breast combo , a whole chicken , and a few sides.. that did n't even come with sauce . $ 5 for a container that was barely enough for my combo , let alone a whole chicken . `` waitresses '' were super rude too . never going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "consistently good ... always a sure bet . i was a bit disappointed with the size of the whole chicken . it seems to have gotten smaller . we usually get the combo .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my sister an i have been coming to this place for a very long time and i am surprised i have yet to write a review . the chicken is always delicious , and the fries are fresh cut and delicious . the house salad dressing is to die for . every dish i have had is great ! their `` hot '' sauce is also delicious , my only complaint is that they make you pay for it now . we have been coming for a very long time and will continue to do so !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went to the one by bathurst and major mack i called ahead for my order i had the rotisserie chicken the potatoes and the chef salad the food was really good and the staff are friendly as well . i defiantly recommend the chef salad it 's definitely worth it to try it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would have rated this restaurant a 4 before they started charging you ( absurdly ) for their sauce . never have i had to pay for sauce at any portuguese or other restaurant . are they going to start charging for the ketchup and salad dressing too ? ? ? their chicken breast combo is good but way overpriced . i 'll take my business elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "one of my favorite places to go in toronto ! i really miss this place ! i wish they had a location in dallas , tx !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this bbq place is really nice . we had chicken breast and pork loin slices . both dishes were really awesome . the only thing less than perfect was that the pork was kind of hard to chew . and , potato sides are sooooooo good ! ! definitely coming back for potatoes ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i grew up downtown where portuguese food is every where ... i was glad to finally find something in the burbs . i really enjoyed the bbq chicken ; it was very flavourful and juicy . they have a `` special '' sauce , which i enjoyed much better than the usual frank 's red hot that most portuguese restaurants serve . the potatoes were cooked perfectly . the fries were okay ... it could have been more crispy . my kids got the chicken sandwich on a kaiser ... so wish it was on a portuguese bun instead . the place was packed ... and every minute or so someone came in to pick up trays of bbq chicken and potatoes . best chick in this side of town ... and i 've looked around ! enjoy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a good time , been coming to this place for years and never had a problem . i was lucky enough to experience the days where the sauce was free ! but the food is still good without .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been to this restaurant once and did n't like it at all . i had to wait a long time before i could place my order because the waitress was hanging around in the back kitchen . the food took a long time to be ready and when i finally get my food , the chicken was dry and tasteless .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is good because it 's in the middle of a residential area where there is no good restaurants near by . my kids love their grilled chicken and so do i actually . love their sauce but you got ta ask and pay extra for it . or you go home then realize you forgot about the sauce and it 's just not the same . the potatoes and rice are pretty decent . again my kids love them . not something i 'd get for myself personally . their service is also incredible slow . even when i call ahead of time and tell them a specific time to pick it up , i still wait 10-15min when i get there . portion is quite big , for that price , the portion has got ta be big .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the snotty service -- they really do n't care if you come back or not -- and the fact that they can not seem to fill a take away order with any degree of accuracy takes away from the fact that the chicken is actually pretty good ... even if they only give you a teaspoon of hot sauce to go with a whole chicken . there are much better options around : restaurants that actually care about their customers and are interested in making sure you have an enjoyable experience . ( this was the location on major mac west of keele street . )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "despite my four stars i have mixed feelings about this place . pros - tasty and moist rotisserie chicken -potatoes are well seasoned and nicely done - best fries ever ! ! - great value for hosting parties cons - service is dependent on who works there . - grilled chicken is dry - rice often undercooked and dry tip - when picking up large orders for fries informed them when you will leave the house to pick up fries or else be expected to wait there while they fry it up fresh . this place takes great pride in their fries but means customers can wait a long time before they are ready .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for lunch or takeout . the food is great for kids and adults alike . i always order the chicken breasts with salad . the sauce for the chicken has a nice zip to it and the breasts have been flattened into submission with a thin coating of breading . i find their pork a bit dry so i 'd stick with the chicken . the french fries here remind me of the ones from the chip truck . i 'm sure their terrible for me but they 're damn tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best plate you can order here and fall in love with is the chicken breast combo with their famous hot sauce ( it 's not really spicy but the flavour is really good on the chicken ) a garden salad ( amazing dressing ) and parisienne potatoes . personally , i do n't like their rice because it taste bland and dry . you 're better off with the salad , potatoes , or fries ! cheers xoxo", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was a big mess , i feel like they are really understaffed , the only 2 waiters there were so busy , and the place was packed with customers we waited 40 mins for our chicken to be ready ... it was way over cooked ... the only good thing was the fries . rice pudding was not fresh and too sweet . probably wo n't come again ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "eat your chicken and shut up ! why everyone nowadays needs staff to kiss their ass is beyond me . it 's simple , good chicken , sauce , fries and salad . and these guys are always busy so sorry if the little girl behind the counter did n't treat you like lady diana .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place used to be one of my favourite places . unfortunately this is the second time they got my take out order wrong . drove all the way home , and i don`t live close by , only to find my order completely wrong . called in to let them know , the owner said he would call me back . he never did . i don`t expect a free meal , but an apology would`ve been appreciated , and some reassurance that he spoke to the staff to make sure they are a little more careful with orders in the future . terrible customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the food here is unreal . the chicken is n't dry . the fries and the potatoes are on point . i love eating here its an absolute pleasure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting midwestern university with my daughter . found this neat coffee house . ordered the nutty hawaiian specialty latte . the drink is great , the place is cozy and staffs are friendly . they recommended places to visit in scottsdale . made me feel welcome ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty good place . owner is confident you 'll have the best day when he serves you ... man he was n't kidding ! try the iced mocha . yum ! a little sad the beans are not roasted locally , however they are roasted in denver so that 's interesting ! chill vibe and outdoor seating . good luck to this new coffee house in the 'hood !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the atmosphere , coffee is delicious , staff is laid back and very friendly . easy to study ! perfect location and distance from my school .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place when i needed to get a little homework done before an appointment . the staff is very nice and service is speedy . the place is quiet and inviting . highly recommend it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quiet little coffeehouse tucked away in a large shopping area . the owner is very friendly and welcoming . the 3 times i have been in , it was quiet and barely anyone in there which made it great for getting work done and making calls . however i overheard the owner said that was because it was summer . once school starts ( midwestern just across the street ) , things pick up . i really like that they put two shots of espresso in their small lattes ! and their donuts are a treat . i ca n't seem to resist the blueberry cake donut every time i go in . i 've yet to try the red velvet ! beware : parking is constantly a nightmare in the shopping complex due to the zipps sports grill next door and possibly students parking in the lot . you may have to take a hike from where you park .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly service , and amazing coffee ! if you have n't tried dazbog coffee ... try it , it has amazing rich flavor .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this quaint little place in north phoenix glendale . they make great coffee and even have a few snacks . interior is very nice and has some cozy chairs and a tv . service was great , and owner was friendly . support local business and give these guys a shot to earn your business over starbucks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this little coffee house is one of my new favorite spots to grab a cup o ' joe . the staff is all nice and very creative with new drinks . their prices can not be beaten and the coffee is delicious . they offer discounts to the students at midwestern and local tenants in the surrounding buildings . they also offer a variety of yummy breakfast items and healthy food for lunch .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the employees are easy-going and kind . coffee is pretty good . it 's a quiet spot and a nice corner tucked in the area . agreed that parking is not great ; but that 's a fault of the plaza layout , not the shop 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great little hidden place in an office retail complex . the coffee and service were great , the place was clean and well-decorated , and music was quietly playing in the background ( as opposed to blaring as it does in one chain coffee place ) . the only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was because the menu mentioned breakfast , but it was prepackaged food in a cold case that they offered to heat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible ! the rep lost my booking and i was left hanging on moving day . called and all they could say was that nobody recalls scheduling me . instead of apologizing and trying to rectify the situation , the rep said `` let me call you back '' which they never did . not only did they not apologize or try to help me out ... they just left me hanging . i ended up spending 3x my budget to get another company to come in that day to move my stuff . and i ended up injuring myself ! aaa movers can go to he l for all i care . they do n't deserve even one star", "score": "1"}
{"review": "still waiting on a $ 50 refund i never received . theyre not licensed & theyre not honest . do not do not use.them ... mike literally.cussed me out when i was hounding them for my refund sandy said i would receive . ive been using family pride moving & havent been disappointed . aaa movers are scammers & their own employees have told me not to use them ! ! ( the movers )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i booked this company quickly after another one fell through , and then i read their reviews on yelp . i decided to cancel , so i called and was told i could n't cancel , and then they hung up on me . yikes .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as you can see from the other reviews ... avoid at all cost . we found out the hard way and litigation is pending . rachel the lady that you deal with on phone should find another job because she is as dishonest as the movers themselves . report these fraudsters to the authorities .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "yikes- i wish i had looked them up on this site prior to hiring them . they sounded legit . they most certainly are not . big scam artists . the star of this show was `` mike '' , the owner . he quoted a `` flat rate '' fee and guaranteed that everything would be moved no matter how long it took . the two guys doing the move were instructed on the details and started packing the truck . well , they did a poor job of loading and `` ran out of room '' . mike was called and said , `` no problem , we will come back '' . well that never happened . once our first load was unloaded , they booked . just left without any communication . mike also insisted on cash up front , arguing that he could not trust us . we were able to hold back some money but they demanded it before they would unload the truck beware..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible experience ! the truck showed up 5 hours late . they were schedule for sunday so i could n't make different arrangements . the `` manager '' showed up just before the truck with totally different terms than i was quoted over the phone . the quote was twice what i expected . when i objected to the change the `` manager '' said `` if you do n't like it i will take my truck and go back to the shop '' it was too late and i could n't make other arrangements . i would only use this company if every other company on the planet went out of business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "mike came on time to move - he moved all the heavy stuff in about an hour with his two helpers . he noticed that i had an awful cracked up springs and mattress , and even sold me a good one for $ 50 . moving is the hardest thing to do and they did it like pros .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is not licensed . in fact , there secretary of state has been revoked for llm group and aaa movers . i decided to not use them after i read the reviews and called to cancel . at 7:56am the day of the move the guy showed up and i told him i cancelled and i have another company coming in . he stood outside yelling to his workers . he then called me back to back 4 times . now he is texting me calling me names , see pic . how unprofessional and im so happy that i cancelled . please beware of this company , and do yourself a favor use a licensed company with people that speaks english .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "one of the absolute worst customer service experiences of my life . after finding the business on craigslist i booked them for a sunday at 9am to unload my uhaul after driving in from out of state . the lady called to confirm everyday after . they never showed and when i called to inquire when they would arrive i was yelled at and made to feel like i was not a priority and they would get here when they had the time . she was very rude so i called another moving company who came within an hour . i called to cancel and was told i am a fucking asshole . what a joke . i am the customer , no one is entitled to my business , you must earn it . stay away from aaa .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst moving company in vegas . the owner was very rude to me and kept saying he would hang up and just leave my stuff on the curb outside of the gate of my new condominiums if i did n't pay the $ 150 bs `` distance fee '' . this is after my initial quote going from $ 130 , to $ 350 , to $ 500 . stay away from this money hungry pathetic excuse of a moving company", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this cafe has just opened two week ago and is located in h mart . passed by while heading to the food court , and how would i not try their shaved ice after my lunch ? had their red bean milk shaved ice . the owner poured milk into the machine , snowflakes started falling and a mountain of snow formed on the tray . the owner gently scooped the shaved ice into the cup , drizzled syrup , put in red beans , and gently scooped another layer of shaved ice and again drizzled syrup , more red beans and topped with small cube of rice cakes . the shaved ice was light , fluffy and milky . red beans were delicious and rice cakes were chewy . they both went well with the milky shaved ice . the boss is very friendly ! will sure come back for the edible snowflakes and to try their coffee ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i stumbled onto this hidden gem when i came to h-mart . tucked away in the food court , this shop can be easily missed . with a name like snowbowl , you would think that they only sell shaved ice . surprisingly , they sell other snacks too . the one item that you absolutely must get is the `` korean street toast '' . this masterpiece is a combination of cabbage , egg , ham , and sweet ketchup sandwiched between two crispy pieces of toast . as simple as it sounds , you will be amazed at how these flavours merry together . all this can be yours for the rediculously low price of $ 3 ( tax included ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dessert and snack bar inside hmart . the owner is very friendly . the price is very reasonable for bingsoo and spicy rice cake . i will definitely go back for bingsoo and authentic korean snacks .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is located inside of h mart and there is a menu of three different shaved ice - red bean , fresh fruit and coffee . they offer a couple of snacks as well aside from the shaved ice . it is priced fairly decent as well . the guy there was very friendly and after we ordered , he brought the shaved ice to the table . we ordered the coffee milk shaved ice ( 10.00 $ including taxes ) and it took time to make but it was made with fresh ingredients . you could tell the guy took his time but it 's worth the short wait . the large size is perfect for sharing and it had just the right amount of coffee . there is plenty of seating as it 's located near the food court and they accept debit cash ( not sure about credit ) . i would definitely recommend this place to try as it 's authentic and taste wise i would n't mind coming back when in the area .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would definitely come back here . this place uses fresh ingredients and service is good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bingsu is good and the man who runs the shop is very kind ! the wait for the food is quite long but he is the only one running it . the minimalistic decor that has been put up is very cute . i tried the milk bingsu and i 'd say it 's worth the price ! quite a big cup and i love the mochi ! the picture i have is kind of old , he has released some more items and stop items can no longer be bought since it was the winter menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the patbingsu was nice and refreshing . we got the large red bean ( ~ $ 8 ) - it 's big enough to share and there 's another layer of red bean once you dig to the middle ( except it 's kind of frozen and hard ) . we ordered the rice cakes which was alright . and we got some ginger tea . they did n't have red bean pancake that day . it also took quite a while to get the food but the owner of the place was very nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "located just to the left once you walk in through the double doors of h mart . ordered a small red bean milk shaved ice $ 4 and a small fruit milk shaved ice $ 4.87 . both were really good and we shared them between my 6yo and 4yo comfortably . fruit milk shaved ice included blueberries , strawberries , kiwi , pineapple , red beans and mochi . current menu has 5 kinds of binsoo : red bean , fruit , coffee , strawberry , and mango . also fresh squeezed juice , latte , and korean tea on the menu . not sure how often menu items change though after reading previous reviews . the owner is really nice and items are very reasonably priced . will definitely be back to try more !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live in the neighborhood & have been here a few times . it 's great to have a place that i can walk to and let me dog run around & play with other dogs . there is no food but you can order from 3 local restaurants & they will deliver . i will definitely keep coming here , mainly so my doggie can get some socializing time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! i do n't have a dog , but we like to play music here , and we 've had a blast performing in such a comfy , casual environment . the bar staff has always been super friendly and the dogs seem to have a fabulous time . there is a covered bar for shade , but most tables are uncovered - although the shade trees are really pretty and do provide some respite from the sun . we brought our toddler once , and he had a blast playing with another little boy and the pups . we 've played there four times now , and each time it seems like the crowd is getting just a little larger , so word of mouth seems to be catching on !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best dog bar in charlotte . i frequented the dog bar in noda and this is the classy tasteful version with rocks instead of astroturf so it does n't reek of dog piss . friendly staff . only canned beer though no bottles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an awesome place . i was greeted by wagging tails as i walked in which automatically put a smile on my face . the bartender was fabulous and great with beer recommendations . tried some new ones he recommended and loved them . noda 's cavu is a new favorite . lots of variety ! will definitely visit again . if you are not a dog lover obviously you should avoid it , but it 's a perfect spot for those of us who do love dogs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went on a friday at about 4:00 and even though the weather was cooler , i was surprised that there were only a few other people there . my dog did n't care . more room for her to run around and bang into tables and chairs . it 's in the adorable neighborhood of elizabeth . lots of outside seating . lots of water bowls for the pups . hop drop and roll . live music . lots of fun .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we went again last saturday and it was open . this place has a huge outside back patio . the dogs loved it and have a big area to play in . the only thing was it was cold and they did n't really have any heaters and they only have canned beer no beer on tap . but it is def a great place to go when it 's nice out and to bring the dogs . much cleaner than dog bar", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just found out this place is closed for business ... too bad , i never got to go with the new pup . jack 's is next door and allows dogs outside ( on leashes ) . ca n't go wrong with jackalope 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've taken my car here several times for service . the service reps are generally nice . however , they 're not as attentive as other dealerships i 've been to . case in point , my last visit i waited for 10+ minutes while my rep was goofing off talking to other employees in the back . how do i know ? because i could overhear their conversation from where i was sitting . they were talking about asu football and the cardinals ... .this is something i expect out of a toyota or ford dealership , but not from an infiniti dealership . unfortunately , i do n't have an alternative in the area . return factor - a begrudging 80 %", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 'll tell you . buying a new car always sounds like a sweet idea but so often those sales folk make you feel like you just had your brain ripped out through your nostrils . it 's with this nasty taste that i walked into infiniti of scottsdale to lease my new car . but , i have to admit . it was different this time . there are always the predictable attempts to close the sale , of course , but overall i was really impressed . amir , the head of new car sales , was very helpful and did n't play any games . so yes , i can happily report a pleasant experience and according to some of the blogs i read later , a terrific price . if you 're in the market , check 'em out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a awesome experience at the infiniti of scottsdale dealership today . my salesperson was david gates . he was the best , make sure you ask for him when you go . he was transparent and focused on getting me a car in my price point . amir was the sales manager and was easy to work with . there were no hidden fees . this was one of the best experiences i have had buying a car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just recently bought our suv from infiniti of scottsdale . we usually buy from private sellers , but decided to check out some newer cars from this place . ( in hopes of finding a good deal ) well , we were in luck , amir helped us find exactly what we wanted and worked out a great deal ! amazing customer service . glad we came in ! thank you amir .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not describe how great this car dealership has been to my husband and i. i have been through hell and back with other car dealerships ! infiniti has been the only dealership that does n't scam you ! bryan and amir have given us a fantastic deal , with no questions or scams . quick and sooooo friendly ! thank you for all you do ! i was going to get a honda , boy was i lucky and so much happier with infinity , luxury cars for half the price of your comparable lower model cars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had an awesome experience there . stepehen fitch was my sales rep and did a great job helping me out and finding me the car i want . he was patient with me when i did not buy the first time . he followed up with me through out the weeks and always told me what was going on . he was very professional , never pushy , and knowledgeable of cars on the lot . buying a car is stressful and he made the buying experience enjoyable . i would refer anyone to see him . i love my new mustang and he got me a great deal on it . thanks stephen !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well i never thought i 'd see the day where buying a car was relaxing . my husband had found a car he loved online here , had already gotten a salesman ( steven ) who did some negotiating over the phone as well as gave a rough estimate for our trade in . we literally drove up , went for a test drive and they gave us such a great value for trade in and lowered the price so much it was stupid for us not to go for it . the whole process was an hour and a half and while we waiting on paperwork my husband and i played on the putting green , enjoyed a soda . even though we did n't get an infiniti , i never felt like they were assholes cause we were n't buying a higher priced car , like other dealers act . nothing was pushed on us , the warranty options were incredible and everyone was very nice . i would recommend this dealer again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bought a car here and had the best experience i 've ever had . the place was clean , spacious and everyone was so friendly . amir , a manager was amazing- so incredibly helpful and kind . he was professional to a t and made me feel special when other dealerships just made me feel like i was just another customer . i highly recommend this dealership for your next car purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at the scottsdale location . the sales rep was very helpful through out the entire process . i was very nervous about purchasing a car and stephen fitch made the car buying experience stress free ! thank you for everything stephen ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brian was very helpful . i had a specific car in mind which they did not have ; nevertheless , he looked for a car for me . i bought a car from a different dealership , but this is a great place that everyone should consider . brian thanks for everything . if i was a millionaire i would buy a car just because of your service , and donate it to someone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "surprised to see so many bad reviews . i had a great experience there . juan was my service advisor . they took good care of me and always offered a loaner car , even for minor repairs . i highly recommend this dealership .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a service dept review , not a sales dept review - about a month ago i was told at a different infiniti dealership that both my head gaskets were leaking , and would cost $ 3300 to replace . i elected not to do the repair after not finding any problems with the coolant and oil levels ( this was also verified by the initial dealership ) . as follow up i went to my service rep juan at the dealership . he checked it out , and not only found that the car was fine , but also that there was a service bulletin showing pictures of what a normal vs abnormal leak looks like , and that my car looked normal . i get my car serviced here regularly , and have n't felt that i got bad unnecessary service ( perhaps this varies by rep ? ) . what i feel about the other dealership is an entirely different matter altogether ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a great deal on the infiniti elite protection plan , then this is your place . after calling dealerships in different states , infiniti of scottsdale has the best prices . i live in va and the dealership i brought my car from gave me to options for extended warranty . whereas infiniti of scottsdale gave me 14 options to choose from . i got a great deal for a longer time frame and less money . courtney mutema is the finance manager who handles warranties there and she is completely awesome . i am more than satisifed with the service i received .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just purchased a used 2011 g37s . worked with a fantastic sales and finance staff - todd , lee , courtney , sarah . i presented them with tough expectations on my part and they never flinched and worked hard to make sure that i was satisfied . each person was fast and worked efficiently . even when a kink came up in the deal ( not their fault ) they did n't hesitate to help out redo all of the work that they had done to get me into this car . i was impressed and happy that they were transparent with the financing , showing the trade-in value , the purchase price of the car i wanted , the interest and financing terms , etc . too often a dealer only asks `` how much can you pay each month ? '' and hides the real numbers too the end , padding in a luxurious ( and deceitful ) profit . infintii of scottsdale had an open and honest sales process with me . i went to this dealership because of the good experiences that my friends have had over the years with this staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "leased a q70l with no hassle and a quick process . bryan nelson was my sales guy and did an excellent job . had my car serviced once for oil change and they were quick and reasonably priced . their waiting room is a great place to work too while you 're waiting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if it was possible to give this dealership 0 stars , i would . made me wait over an hour , on two occasions , to sign lease paperwork ... .after i made an appointment to sign the paperwork ! finance team tried a number of bait and switch tactics on the final pricing . so awful , i walked away from the deal . complete crooks ! do n't waste your time or your money trying to get a car from here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got screwed there . service is terrible . lots of turnover . they do n't seem to really care about their customers . avoid jonathan cady in service - total jerk .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have n't bought a car from them but i can most certainly say that their service department is great . i 've had several issues with my fx35 which they 've fixed with curtesy and honestly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "where to begin ? ? several weeks ago , my husband brought his infinity in for service . he stopped by to say hi to his sales consultant todd terrieri and had a nice conversation , as he usually does . well , during that conversation , my husband mentions that i have loved the g37 convertible since it came out ( i had a photo of it on my fridge for a long time ) . todd asks what color interior exterior i like . this week he emails a photo of the car that just came in . i went in to look at it and left with it ! ! todd is so helpful , informative and caring . i feel like i have a new dear friend ! easy trade in of my car ! from todd to josh in financing , this was one awesome experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are in the market for a car , this is the place to go ! infiniti is quality . each time i have been there , i have been treated with utmost professionalism by each person there , one of many reasons i return each time i am ready to buy again . as of january , i have bought four cars from infiniti of scottsdale , and will be back for my next purchase . i always work with stephen fitch in sales - he is the best ! ! he is conscientious of my time , he knows and provides the exact car i am looking for , and he always follows up to ensure my experience is nothing less than excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what is going on here . donuts are not too good , and on top of that , the service is very odd . donuts are accessible but you need someone to help you get them out ... weird place , with bad donuts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "new owner is very cool and has everything priced very reasonably . they have some nice holiday donuts as well ( halloween ) . my son and i like to stop here on the way back from his school . i like to support local businesses and this is one of my favorites !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the server was nice but the donuts ( glazed ) were terrible . i 'm not sure there was any glaze on them at all , and they were super dry . do not recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice workers , but i completely agree with peter . this place is on the way to work which is convenient to grab a dozen for morning meetings , that 's about it though . whenever i get donuts from here , they are dry and stale even in the morning . i thought it may have been a fluke the first time and tried two more times . shame on me . coworkers complained that they have to search for filling also . i guess i will have to make the drive to strongsville to another local joint which takes the icing on the glazed donuts .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worked with ron here . quite knowledgeable about different mattresses , and more importantly he listened to our sleep style and offered accordingly rather than just let us lay on everything . went in `` not buying anything '' left with a wallet $ 3000 lighter . can not wait to get our new tempurpedic tomorrow and get back to sleeping good after another mattress store stuck us into a mattress that is far too soft .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a great experience working with dina , super sweet and such great customer service ! hassle free application ! ! will definitely be coming here for all mattress needs !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my salesman joshua was super helpful , he went out of his way to make sure all our questions were answered ! he even gave me free delivery with our order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i bought a mattress from dina today . she was friendly , helpful and down to earth . thanks , dina !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is a really nice shop full of everything you could want or need for your home . friendly people and full of locals , clearly a part of the community in morningside .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tina & tommy treat you like family . my nails last 3 to 4 weeks easy . there is nothing tina ca n't do . best nail salon in the area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon . tina and tommy are so funny ! very clean ... my pedicures last over a month with regular polish . i really like that they offer several pedicure options . tina really knows about nail health as well . my gel manicures last 3 weeks with no issues at all . so happy t & t is conveniently located .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a gel manicure done last week , the next day my top coat bubbled up and two days later started to tear . it is the worst manicure i have ever received , i will not go back . however , they are friendly and clean .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place is really authentic chinese style . strongly recommended for people who love chinese cuisine . they even have hot pot from mon-thur . will try next time", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent chinese food ! ! i was recommended by my friends , i was lost at the first time due to the not obvious sign . but the food is great ! ! i would strong recommend you to try it out . price is also reasonable .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is okay , slightly over rated . their menu has a small selection and is fine for people looking for a limited selection of steak and seafood entrees . the atmosphere is nice ( a little dark ) which some people enjoy the dark firelite feel . i personally like to see what i am eating .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is the best ! beautiful and awesomely delicious food ! aged ribeye steak and caesar salad . the staff is very professional , polite , and attentive . this is a must stop when you 're looking for a great place to eat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went here the day before christmas and they exceeded my expectations . we made last minute dinner plans so i thought there was no chance i could get a reservation a few hours in advance . however , they scheduled a reservation at the desired time and sent me a confirmation text . the weather and traffic were nasty so i arrived about ten minutes late . the place was packed so i was sure we would have to wait some . but we were seated immediately . the food and service was great . the entire staff was friendly and delightful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here twice and got carry out the third time . the food is good . the service has always been great and the restaurant is nice . the bread they give you in the beginning is delicious seriously delicious ! will be back here for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been dining at firebirds for about 2 years . i 'd say i have enjoyed 20-25 meals there . i agree with the reviewer who said it 's hit and miss , but when you `` hit '' it 's excellent . i hit far more often than miss here . recently i took an out of town guest there . she said it was the best meal she 's had in years . another positive thing is if something is wrong they really do try and make it right . on the not so positive side , the hostesses often seem distracted or engaged with one another . the waiting area is awful but i assume that 's to try and make you sit at the bar . however when your food arrives you 'll soon forget your entry ! if you do n't want your steak rare , you need to make that known . their idea of medium rare is rare everywhere else in america . i order medium and say no red center . then you truly get pink all the way through ... very nice !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dined out last night and really enjoyed the food . service was great although a little slow , but it was a busy friday night . i believe our server was sasha . she was attentive and professional . i 'd definitely go again if i 'm in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4th visit & again on point . the cuts of beef here are top of the line . i had the aged ribeye medium rare . perfect temperature & whatever they my rub it with is phenomenal . dad had the prime rib & he was more than satisfied . the house made caesar dressing is amazing . i would n't have ordered the tenderloin trio appetizer if i knew i was getting steak but trying the different ways they prepare their meat was a great way to decide once you get the full menu . cassie makes an incredible cosmo & is so attentive i felt like we were the only ones at the crowded bar . christian is a great conversationalist all while hustling out drinks all around the bar . looking forward to my 5th visit . no room for dessert . the only thing they could do better is have a cappuccino machine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was excellent & food was delicious ! the blt salad is my favorite ... .always cold & always tasty ! sat on the patio to enjoy the summer evening but was afraid service would not be as good . what a pleasant surprise to have some of the best service i 've ever had !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dropped by the northlake mall fb based on reviews . parker and team of bartenders made it us feel welcome . was over hour wait for table so we were luck to find two seats together at the very nice bar . ordered kobe meatloaf wit green beans and mashed potatoes everything came out quite fast given the busy kitchen . obviously the chef and staff are good here . enjoyed my fist experience at fb . would return . mary was also good at the bar . thanks parker and mary .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "firebirds was a great selection for lunch today with hubbie , bro-in law & shirley , their mom . we had burgers , i had fish tacos . food was good , we all liked the tater-tots . i recommend hthe fish tacos . nice wine selection by the glass .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a little pricey to be in a shopping mall but the food was excellent . interesting cocktails . friendly service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to love firebirds when they first opened . my sister and i would go to the south-park location and sit on the patio with a glass of wine . this location is convenient if you 're in the north-lake mall and want to grab something nicer than the food court . the food is decent . not outstanding , but definitely three stars . i like the strawberry and shrimp salad and stick to that every time i go . my husband has tried many of their steak options and really is n't a fan . they 're not worth the money . the burger is alright , but nothing to write home about . if you 're going to try a sandwich , the french dip is really yummy ! their cocktails and wines deserve four stars ! but the food is a solid three .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "grilled salmon with cilantro lime butter was very fresh . typically the salmon is pretty good here along with the crab cakes or the ribs . and on a tuesday no less .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the wait to get in was about 20 min but it was worth it ! ! ! the waiter was awesome and attentive . the food was great . i am from maryland , so when you have crabcakes on the menu and the waiter says they are great , i have to believe that you bumped your head . my mistake , they were very good . they were on par with what i would find here , at the home of the crabcake . way to go guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "firebirds in northlake mall is a great dining experience . i had the cajun chicken pasta dish and it was wonderful . my wife had the fish special of the day and raved about it ! the chocolate cake for dessert was amazing and seeing that it is one of their signature desserts i can highly recommend it . ( and i 'm not even a big cake person ) . the atmosphere is cozy and the service was excellent . the only negative is that you need to deal with mall traffic and parking during busy shopping periods . otherwise this is a wonderful place to dine !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love the tender steak . everything is so flavorful ! i would deff come here everyday if i have the money to ! ! ! love love love love", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food and even more amazing staff . dani and mary are the best . always happy and always smiling . the prime rib and delmanico are delightful", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on this visit my food was so awesome . my girlfriend ordered the coconut shrimp which was far better than red lobsters . i had the filet mignon it was tender , juicy with a hell of a flavor . sides were amazing as well . we will be coming back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last night my hubby and i went to firebirds for a birthday meal and we enjoyed every bit of it . i will start with our server very nice and courteous . she continously checked on us bringing drinks etc always with a smile . the food was great and plentiful . we started with with an appetizers of coconut shrimp and lobster queso and it was great . we were almost too full for entr\u00e9es . we had prime rib for our main meal which was also delicious . the steak so tender and plate so big we needed a doggie bag . prices were pretty good ambience was great . i will happily return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kassie was wonderfully , she made the experience amazing . she recommended great drink choices and was very attentive . the quality of the food was terrible , i placed a togo order that included a filet with a baked potato and the chicken pasta . the pasta was dry and the portion size seemed smaller than when we 've dined in . the filet was entirely to fatty but the most offensive thing on that plat was the potato which was burnt . it was shocking to think that something so simple to make was served in such a manner , it was inedible .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my favorite restaurant in charlotte . the best prime rib anywhere . the blt salad is a standing starter for us .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , great drinks and great service ! ca n't ask for more ! ! got ta try out half priced wines every monday ! wood grilled salmon is my favorite , and for dessert the crime br\u00fbl\u00e9e cheesecake !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would love to give more stars but the expectation was much higher when i walked in . the food and cocktails is not that great . service was not really good . i would not recommend .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great restaurant , we loved the atmosphere and the waitress was superb . martinis and food were impeccable . a++ and we 'd love to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le banh mi semblait correct mais le g\u00e9n\u00e9ral tao est terrible . \u00e7a go\u00fbtait le gaz qu'ils utilisent pour faire flamber le plat . les nouilles en accompagnement \u00e9taient bonnes . rouleaux imp\u00e9riaux tr\u00e8s ordinaires . par contre les quantit\u00e9s sont tr\u00e8s g\u00e9n\u00e9reuses pour le prix .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i would say this is an asian fast food joint , the food here is cheap and prepared quickly . the service is friendly and the portions are pretty big . their chicken wings are pretty tasty too . do n't expect this place to be over the top , stir fry come with too much sauce , but for the price you pay it 's a good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "everything is perfect ! best general tao i 've tasted ! ! generous portion . i love the fact that i do n't need to pay extra to get an imperial roll . the new gua bao is excellent ! i 've tried other places but this is the only place i can take 2 gua bao at a time . not oily , and not fatty at all . service is very good ! i had a very good time with my 2 friends . i definitely will go back soon", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great value and generous portions . the staff begins the counter are so friendly that i felt compelled to write this review !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "friendly business , great food for its value , ordered general tao with pad thai , everything tasted really fresh .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "baskow is a booking agent for other transport providers . they do not have their own charter vehicles . our company used baskow to charter tour buses in las vegas in early 2012 . they provided on-site staff , which was not necessary , but required by baskow , apparently to justify the drastically-increased prices for charters . in retrospect , we should have gone directly to one of the numerous coach companies . the real issue we had with baskow was that one of their employees was not truthful with us , saying she provided on-site service that she simply did not provide . for this reason alone , we recommend avoiding baskow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i 've been working with baskow & associates since 2007 . they provide excellent service and top notch talent . when setting up events , you wo n't find anyone more detail oriented or passionate about their work ! it 's a pleasure to work with the baskow team , and i look forward to every project we conduct together .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "baskow & associates is a fabulous company to work with . i 've had nothing but great experiences with jaki and her company . i have been using baskow and associates since 1980 and they have exceeded my every expectation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been working with jaki and her team since 2010 to hire and produce high-end , quality entertainment . they are a very professional organization , always looking out for your budget and matching the entertainment speakers to your particular needs . i would highly recommend baskow & associates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the wife and i swung by for dinner . we ended not drinking anything outside of water . server was also acting as a bartender . so overall things took a while . ordered the chicken tortilla soup and mac n ' cheese for apps . both were very good . i split fries while the wife has a flat bread chicken blue-cheese combo . she said that with having mac n ' cheese for an app , plus this flat bread was a bit much . that 's on her ordering skills . the flat bread crust was darn tasty . i had the pork loin wrap . overall it was fine , but lacked flavor . the food is a step above normal bar food and cheap still . our total bill was $ 20 plus tip . we 'll be heading back for sure ... ..and drinking some brews this time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they just opened this one right down the street from my house . how could you go wrong with $ 2 almost anything ! ? great place to watch a game or hangout with friends . bartenders have been extremely nice . we got boneless wings and a flatbread to eat ... both were amazing ! the boneless wings are huge and the flatbread was very flavorful . this will be a frequent hangout for us ! you ca n't beat a place that you can drink good and eat good for next to nothing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's not to love about a place that has super cheap drinks ! i got a tall and a short summer shandy and my total was $ 7 . wahoo ! they always have drink specials on their mixed drinks and a $ 2 menu board of the day !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went back for dinner with a large group . even if they are n't all $ 2 , the drinks are all quite cheap . i like that the foods are mostly served in small , low-priced portions so you can either get a lighter meal or mix and match things . the only negative was that a few people were served food well before the rest of the group , which is always a bit awkward . the buffalo mac and cheese was good , and i heard a lot of compliments on the meatball sliders . the $ 2 fries are a good value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two bucks has the best mac and cheese ! ! definitely a must try . everything on the menu is very affordable no more than $ 10 . even has s separate $ 2 food menu . lots of liquor and beer that 's $ 2 . fireball , jager , sailor jerry ... ..lots of good stuff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "most of he food is good , the mac and cheese is awesome . service is good and everything is reasonably priced . only thing i do n't like here is the brunch menu . food came out cold like it was under a heat lamp and not recently cooked . everything else is always good , just not brunch .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bbq pulled pork mac & cheese ! i am totally taking several trips back to try the buffalo chicken mac , bacon and jalapeno mac , and their $ 2 sliders and fried pickles . plus when i was there they had $ 6 pitchers . great food and cheap beer is awesome . this place would be pub perfect if the staff could smile once in a while , they were all so serious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was horrible . service sucked . bartender would rather show off her boobs then give good service . my wife got the buff dip . it was watery and just plain nasty . i got sesame wings and beer battered curd sticks . my wings were dry . the curd sticks were the only things that i liked . very disappointed all around . i live 2 min from here . it could have been our local hangout .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't typically ever go to `` bars '' , but one night , during a cavs game , my family and i were hungry and stopped in as it was the only thing that was open . though it took some extra time due to the crowd , the food was delicious ! i was surprised how good it really was ! my grandmother ( yes , i went to watch a basketball game with my 83 year old grandmother ) loved her garlic wings . i loved the mac and cheese , and my cousin was very pleased with the burger . two thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came on a thursday ( 11 3 ) , left satisfied . mark and christine were more than generous . place was super clean , shout out to the bar-back . any questions ? shoot me a text . 440-409-1363", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is definitely a 20 something bar experience . it 's the place to go for cheap domestic beer and cheap , frozen bar food . we ordered a few of the sliders on the menu , and they were so bad i could barely eat them , do not order the meatball one ! the mac and cheese was so cheesy that the only way it would be good is if you 'd been drinking all day and just needed something to coat your stomach . we did play trivia , which they have on tuesday nights . we enjoyed the trivia , but it was so hard to hear over the majority of people not playing . it 's a close bar , to grab a quick drink at , but it 's not a place for foodies or people who enjoy craft beer !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is one of my favorite bars on parma ! i go here often with friend to either catch a game or to just hang out . the staff is pretty friendly- i 've never had bad service the many times i 've gone . the bar tenders are easy to talk to and are decently skilled . their drink prices can not be beat ! the have many drink selections for $ 2 ( go figure ) and even their cocktail socials are around $ 5 . their food is pretty good too ! in my opinion , it is top tier bar food . my friends ' and my favorite are the sriracha boneless wings . the interior is nice and clean . they also have a pretty nice patio . i love this place and plan to keep returning !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here for the first and last time . ordered macaroni and cheese balls as an appetizer . these were double breaded with panko and fried . could barely bite into them and the interior had absolutely no taste . ordered the breakfast burrito with hash browns . someone needs to take the salt shaker away from the cook ! could not eat either the hash browns or burrito as they were so heavily salted . only gave these place one star because the waitress was very efficient and nice . my advice is to find someplace else to eat .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been to two bucks only once due to mediocre service . their food is pretty good . i got their fried pickles which were over battered but they are huge slices which made it juicy and delicious . i had to peel a lot of the breaking off though . my friend got a veggie burger that was very good . their beer prices are good compared to other establishments near by . the only thing that does n't have me coming back is the poor service . bartenders poured weak shots and drinks and it took forever to get another ! other wait staff cleared our table off regularly though which was pleasant touch . i did n't like the crowd much . a lot of young adults hanging out but what can you expect from a place that offers cheap drinks ? i might give this place another chance in the future just for food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "below average . got a steak salad . steak was over cooked , they forgot a topping and my dressing . had to drive back . service is slow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "awesome service with great prices . food was well above average for a bar . great specials on monday and tuesday nights too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was better than i thought it would be and prices for both food and drinks are great . i 've been to this location a couple of times and during the day when it 's been not very busy and the service has been sub par , the bartender server is a bit aloof . i 've been other locations were the service was better so try other ones or go into this one knowing the quality will be in he food and not the service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "two bucks was a great little happy hour stop . we tried their margherita flatbread , which was really good . we also tried their fries which were perfectly seasoned and i thought they were pretty good . we also tried their jefferson mac & cheese , which was philly cheesesteak with grilled peppers and onions and a smoked gouda cheese sauce.. it looked delicious but had a bacony type taste to it . overall , i thought it was pretty good and reasonably priced .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped on a saturday afternoon . the place was n't crowded , so we got a table right by the window . i had the capri salad and the tortilla soup . both were very good . and very inexpensive . going back to try the mac and cheese !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "made my first visit here today in the afternoon . service was fast and the food was great . i ordered the fish sandwich and a beer . the slaw and tartar sauce complemented the fish nicely . the fries were cooked just right and had a nice garlic and salt taste . the other 3 people i came in with also enjoyed their food . i was impressed with how clean everything was . very well kept for a bar . i will be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "terrible . the food was disgusting , the chicken in my wrap looked like it came from a can . the bartender was also too busy talking to her friends and never brought out our appetizer that we ordered . she also never asked if we wanted a refill on our drinks until she brought out our check and rushed us out of there . first and last time there . save yourself the headache and money . on a positive note the fries were n't bad .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped in on a tuesday evening when we were in the area . it was clean , and inviting as we walked in . we sat at the bar and it did n't take long before the bartender greeted us . when we said we had n't been before , he let us know about the $ 2 spirits and the specials . he ended up making us something he had mixed up , and it was delicious . he was very friendly and we had a good time chatting with him and the other bartenders . we enjoyed the drinks , the tator tots , and our experience . tuesday was trivia night , and that was fun . we ended up having a very good time . i would recommend it , and suggest you ask cole to mix you his special pink drink .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was impressed . the food is all made in house and far exceeded my expectations . prices were very reasonable . eat here . you will not be sorry . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great bartenders . decent food . my burger was so salty i could n't eat it . fries are good . cheap drinks .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "good food and great selections for beer and liquor but very very slow service . it is a cool atmosphere and clean but again slow service and the atm does n't work", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is great . food is upscale bar food especially their mac and cheese . burgers have great flavor and staff is very friendly . this place is still a secret to the general area . they deserve more business !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tried to go here to eat for lunch . the parking lot was so badly ice covered i was sliding around . my dinning partner also almost fell so we hobbled back to the car . the worst of the ice was right in front of the strip where no cars were parked . also , it was hard to till if the place was even open . i had driven past it last week and no one was around and no cars there either .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place really sucks . every time i go here they mess up my order somehow . i do n't know how hard it is to make a plain burger with nothing on it but apparently for them it is . so , i decided to give it one more shot and order the boneless wings for $ 5.50 this time so my order would n't get messed up . i ordered half an order and i could n't believe it when i opened the box what they consider to be a wing ! see pictures . never again ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent food and the price is under 10 dollars if your looking for great food at low prices this is the place . the vibe and service is awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome experience ! ! both at the front end of the store on buying products and getting a shave itself . reyna helped me out front and joe provided the shave . both are awesome .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is adorable , clean , helpful staff & fast to check out . it 's our go to after a dinner at westgate or before a movie . they have the cutest knick knacks , toys & t 's too . fun place to shop for sure .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped in here friday night august 30th for a look around . while the novelty is good for those who have a sweet tooth it 's a bit overpriced and what really turned me off was that they had canisters full of candy that you help your self to bag.. was when a few young kids with their parents were putting their hand in every container playing with the candy then proceeded to drop a handful on the ground only to have their parents pick it up and put it back in the jar.. yuck.. did mention to the employee though not sure of anything was done.. just a suggestion is to maybe do with the help yourself and let a employee who has sanitary gloves on get the candy vs helping yourself .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "holy moly ! gummy bears as far as the eye can see ! my friend and i happened upon this awesome shop when we were wandering around westgate one night . first of all , i love the logo . the little devil tail is so fitting ! so many nice things ( and a few naughty things . not everything is appropriate for children ) . it 's like being on a sugar high when you wander in . it 's hard to focus on just one thing . tons of different kinds of candy are everywhere , as well as fun novelty items . you 'll find yourself saying , `` i want that ! '' over and over again . love love love this shop . ca n't wait for a return trip !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty store , specialty candies and pusheen cats . my family and i were celebrating my birthday at westgate . after dinner , my teenage children discovered `` it 's sugar ! '' my son was super excited and wanted to use all his savings to buy me a large stuffed pusheen cat , one of my favorite characters . i settled for a cute button with pusheen eating a doughnut instead . this candy store stocks up on hi-chews and other exotic , hard to find candies . it is colorful and will entice any kid , including a 50-year-old one . it is a little tough on the pocket book , but they have to pay bills . they do have a rewards program , so sign up with the cashier 's !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "overpriced , i got two items and its almost $ 17 . most candy stores i see are n't this much . they did n't even have that many items . i 've seen casino gift shops with better candy options . also the staff kept upselling . no thank good bye .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "s u g a r h i g h ok , so i can agree with some other reviewer 's it is a little expensive . but it had the freshest gummy bears and the freshest many gummy bears and the absolute freshest jelly belly jelly beans that i 've ever had ! and they were really good . we were in town for a volleyball tournament and kept going back for more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "place is well lit , lots of various types of candies but service is lacking a bit . all the `` candy stores '' i 've ever been to have very chipper employees ready to help you with anything . here , the lady just said hi and moved on with her day . it 's a nice place to buy some candy to sneak into the movies but i would n't come here specifically to get anything . bonus : they have giant snicker bars . seriously , they are ginormous .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your typical candy shop . grab a bag and go nuts . i favored the chocolate over the others ; dark chocolate espresso beans were yum . chocolate covered marshmallows reminded me of milky ways . i would have liked more options of dark chocolate items and more m & ms . got some swedish fish which were good . fun place to shop and check out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "brings you back to childhood memories i really enjoyed looking at all the sweets at `` it 's sugar '' . i was able to take care of my jelly bean craving and also take advantage of the chocolate section ( covered pecans and cashews ) . `` it 's sugar '' has a variety of novelty candy items , i always try to get something for my coworkers . giant candy bars , giant gummy bears , nostalgic candy , it 's great , and the prices are inline with typical candy store .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pissed . i 'm trying to get some candy for a raffle we did at our kindergarten prom . the website says they open at 10:00 am . here it is 10:30 and they are still not open .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "how can you give anything less than 5 stars for a kick ass candy store with awesome items like grumpy cat and ted the bear . you can also find really neat candy that you will not find any where else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a great selection sweets that are sure to rot your teeth . i bought a pirates treasure sized sack of sour belts for a little pre and during football game . so many different candy to choose from this place had all of my favorites .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's a really cool store to go and walk around in . there is a wide variety of candy you can pick from . you can but a lot of candy by the weight , or buy packs of it . the prices are a little bit high , but a lot of the candy you cant find in many stores . the staff were also friendly . if you are looking for some fun and unique candy , this is a good place to go .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in yesterday afternoon about 12:45 pm . greeted by the staff , they seems very pleasant and offered assistance . we were just browsing at the amount of candy they offer . lots of bulk candy & huge large candy bars like kit kats , snickers & hersey 's . with easter soon approaching they had large chocolate bunnies and one of my favorites was a reese 's peanut butter cup bunny ! they have big gummy bears : many different sizes & flavors . we ended up buying a few of their chocolate toffee crunch pieces & a few chocolate peanut butter crunch in the loose bulk candy bins . it was close to $ 5 . they weigh it & you pay by the ounces . it was nothing special . i feel a little pricey for the small amount we got . we also picked up a few other popular candies for the girls ( air heads & sour patch kids ) these were a little more expensive than what i generally pay for them with other retailers .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my local and the best . the staff are really friendly and even though it 's busy you never have to wait long . and the food is super tasty . one of the reasons i love this area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if i get a chinese takaway then i only go to this one . the food is way above and beyond any other chinese takeaway food i 've had . the service is excellent , the staff are extremely friendly in person and over the phone , the delivery is quick and it 's just yummy ! there is a great choice for vegetarians with lots of tofu dishes , you can also get an excellent mixed meat and tofu for the meat-eaters who also like tofu . i particularly like the fact that the dishes have a lot of vegetables in them . never disappoints !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the loon wah is the best chinese take away place ever . we use them all the time and rarely use anywhere else . they are also one of the cheapest i 've used which helps . the delivery times are good too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing chinese ! best i have actually ever had and good value for money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a really good chinese , i first heard about them after being recommended to give it a try from a friend . i have never actually been there in person so can give no details on what the restaurant is actually like inside , but the food tastes great , and that 's the most important thing . me and a vegetarian friend found that there were plenty of options on their menu to be tempted by and i eventually opted for chicken chow mein and found that the dish was great and had lots of flavour to it . what 's more is that it came with lots of vegetables , which made me feel justified in eating it all . the delivery time was quite long , taking about 40 minutes but the price was reasonable and would definitely order again from here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "well made , well seasoned , good quality chinese food . it was exactly what we needed after hiking up arthur 's seat in unexpectedly warm , bright sunlight . for other americans visiting , this is excellent food but some staples of american chinese restaurants are n't offered ( peking ravioli dumplings , general gao 's chicken ) , but everything we got was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a meal last night the 2nd june 2013 at 5.45 pm , no meal by 6.45 . my wife called them , they said sorry for delay , be another 20 minutes.45 minutes later nothing.a total wait of 1hour 30 minutes.called them back told them i will never use them again.this has happened 2 of the last 3 time.it wont happen again ! very poor service.give this place a body swerve !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing food and friendly staff . i 've been about 3 times now , trying out various things on the menu and all of it has been fantastic . sometimes you have to wait ( approx 1hr ) for food but i think its really worth it . good price too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love loon wah ! this is the place my family used to get our christmas dinner - their banquet includes aromatic crispy duck , which i prefer to any christmas turkey ! i was in here so much when i was a teenager that they knew my name , it 's that good ! i know this is n't exactly what one looks for in a chinese , and believe me they 're great in every other way too , but i can recommend this place particularly for its chinese chips . chips that have a lovely chinese-food taste to them . yum ! anyway , in my opinion , no christmas day journey home at night is complete without loon wah . for some reason my family has gone all traditional now so loon wah wo n't be part of our festivities . this is definitely the tragedy of the year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a good experience here . everything from food , crates , supplies , toys etc seems to be marked up an extra 10-20 % from other similar area stores . of the 3 or so times i have gone in here in the past year , i leave frustrated with nothing in hand because either it is ridiculously overpriced or out of stock . convenient because it is near the willoughby shopping plazas , but a waste of time money imo . go to pet supplies plus .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried to use my bank card for amount over my balance and was declined but two days layer i 'm still trying to get the `` pending '' transaction off my account . they blame the bank , the bank blames them !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just needed a health certificate for travel . ended up sitting there for two hours . i asked if i needed to bring anything beforehand - i was told just bring our dog - i brought our previous health certificate just in case . 1 hour of waiting and they tell us : `` oh sorry there 's nothing we can do because we need your dogs updated medical info . '' well that would 've been nice to know last week when i booked the appointment so i could get it faxed over from ca ! now we have to call over there , have them fax it here , waited another hour for them to print a health certificate out ... ughhhh ! what a bad customer service experience . = (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "unbelievable ! just got home after standing and standing behind one person at the register while 4 employees stood talking about 3-4 yards away . the lady ahead of me bought $ 76 worth of the small cat food cans that get wrung up by 'flavor ' . then the clerk and customer started talking about vacation areas ; neither being seemingly able to move their hands and mouths at the same time in order to complete the transaction so that i could be wrung out . i asked the group if anyone could ring me . i finally got wrung out while the clerk and customer were still finishing up ; was told , 'i did n't see you ' ... ..you have to look ! and save the talking for your lunch breaks !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "literally the worst pets mart i 've been to . i find myself having to run here because it 's next to my house . every time i 'm here the checkout is horrendous . either the cashier is rude or they have one line open with 8 customers in it . tonight i watched a guy in front of me leave his stuff and walk out the store . while i 'm waiting a girl walks up with a customer and opens the register next to ours and checks her out so i slide over . when she 's done checking her out she shuts the line down and they tell me i need to move back over into to the original line . i have one freaking bag of dog food . this was the last straw i wo n't be returning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i cant speak to the experiences of others who have been here before , but honestly its a pet store with a vet office attached to it . what do you expect from a chain ? everyones been really nice and polite . i deal with humans at a dds office and most of them can be pains in the butt . imagine . all day . dog , cat , and bird owners lol . i think i 'd rather be dead honestly . its a labor of love working at this place im sure . thus far though , mostly , everyone has been friendly and professional . its not overly great here but they seem like they care and they use `` baby talk '' when dealing with people and their pets children lol . inconvenience comes with living , roll with it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my husband and i had dinner at haberdish on dec 21 and loved it ! we are big fans of the crepe cellar , and could n't wait to try jeff tonidandel 's newest restaurant . my husband had the pork shank , which was smokey and tasty , but would have liked for it to be served with a sauce to keep the meat moist . the macaroni and cheese was rich and delicious but not what he expected . he assumed it would be a baked dish , but this was more like a pasta with cream sauce . i had the trout and okra , both of which were outstanding . the menu is limited , and we were surprised there was no main dish of beef . we loved the ambiance and lighting of the restaurant . the service was spot on , friendly , warm , and helpful . we 'll be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "been here twice , the fried chicken and trout were great . cocktails were solid . the mac and cheese is bland as hell . like the flavor of a lean cuisine . so bad i want to give 3 stars but i feel like they put in a lot of effort elsewhere . sweet potato dumplings were really delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely incredible . can not even describe how blown away i was at how good the food was . the flavors here are something special that you will not get anywhere else . i ca n't think of a better place in north carolina .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic local joint that hit the nail on the head for fine southern cuisine . especially if fried chicken is a favorite of yours . the brined , fried chicken is crispy and oh so delicious , throw on a bit of their hot sauce and bam . every side dish we tried , and we almost tried them all , was stellar , meaning star like in and of itself . if you try one and you do n't like it take your taste buds to the doctor for a check up . lastly , eat dessert in waffle form ! keep pounding and eat great in charlotte by dropping by this noda spot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome chicken ! ! the fried chicken and chicken tenders are great ... large portions and crispy breading . they have a large variety of southern sides ... mac n cheese , okra , and scratch made tater tots to name a few . had hushpuppies as a appetizer ... awesome as well . staff was very attentive and knowledgeable ... cocktails and beer selection great as well . will definitely be going back , great addition to the noda neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "no doubt , the best fried chicken i 've ever had . you can really taste the pickle brine and it 's delicious . hush puppies are the lightest , most fluffy hps i 've tasted . mac and cheese was good but the chicken stole the show . tip : checkin online using their app , the wait can be brutal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! ! the food and drinks are phenomenal , the service is friendly and quick , and the atmosphere is the perfect balance of hillbilly-chic that is popular but hard to achieve these days ! i recommend the red flower cocktail , deviled eggs and hushpuppies for apps , and the roasted chicken entree with roasted okra side dish - but honestly any choices made at this establishment are great ones !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the hush puppies with tea butter was crispy outside and fluffy inside and delicious . unfortunately everything else was average you can get anywhere else .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "tried haberdish for the first time last night and it was knock-your-socks-off good ! attentive and personable staff and modern rustic feel makes for a seriously warm and comfortable environment . the menu is simple and so well done - i shared six or seven things with the table and thoroughly enjoyed every dish . the cocktail menu has a stellar mix of classic and creative choices - do not miss the black manhattan . such a welcome addition to the neighborhood . looking forward to many more meals here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cool hipster place . this dishes are very rich and fatty , so do n't go there if you are on a healthy diet . i love the cauliflower stakes and charred okra . kale salad is also very tasty . the portions are very big , so do n't over order .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was pretty good , the menu is very limited . drinks were okay , nothing too special . we had a group of 6 and were told it would be an hour and a half wait . we tried to call ahead , they said they do n't do call ahead seating . the whole time we waited there were two open 8 top tables . about fifteen minutes before they sat us , they sat two couples , one at each end of one of the 8 tops . just seems like poor management planning . the fried chicken itself was good , but i doubt i 'll be back", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i 've had a lot of friends recommend haberdish and today we decided to take the plunge . we got the chicken and waffles , two chicken tenders , the pimento cheese , and biscuits with bacon jam . if you go here , you have to try the fried chicken ! i usually do n't eat fried food , but this is the best fried chicken i 've ever had . the biscuits with bacon jam were a little off putting-we did n't really get the bacon flavor so much as a upscale sloppy joe taste , but everything else more than made up for it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely love this place ! the location , the food , the ambiance , everything ! we went on friday night and walked in around 6:45 . there were a handful of tables open , but by 7pm , the place was packed ! i noticed at 7:30 there was a 1-2 hour wait . definitely get there early ! the decor was warm and comfortable . the antique bronze silverware and the serving plates were complemented by mason jar candles & serving spoon holders . our table ordered 4 chicken fingers , 2 piece fried chicken , and the roast chicken ( 1 2 ) with alabama white sauce . our sides included mac & cheese ( large ) , sweet potato dumplings , tater tots , kale salad , and the special green been casserole . we had more than enough food for the four of us and our food bill was only about $ 15 each ! ! everything was delicious , especially the mac & cheese and fried chicken . next time i 'm back , i 'll definitely give the hush puppies and fried cauliflower a try .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food and service are amazing . we had a hard time picking what to eat ; everything looked delicious ! ! our waitress was very attentive and quick to help with suggestions . the only drawback is they do n't take reservations - but you can use an app called no wait to `` get in line '' . atmosphere is cozy , fun and kid friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here for my bday dinner last month . food was pretty good , particularly the main dishes . fried chicken was on point . tasted lile bojangles fried chicken . and let me tell you , bojangles is dank ! their smoke chicken was even better . we ordered a bunch of sides too but i ca n't remember what all we got except that they were good for the most part . everything was famoly style . cocktails were a bit on the expensive side , but they were well made . service was decent . there 's typically a ridiculous wait if you come during busy dinner hours . i 'd recommend this place .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ok care but they cage the dogs and the barking and stress level is high . they have big lineups in the am so get there early . they do n't really show you where the dogs go to play .i think it 's just a big field . i ca n't let my dog stay there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "easy going and happy staff , always keen to see our dog and he 's always happy to go in . he 's too young to participate in the group , but he gets a good amount of walkies as he 's pretty chill at pick up time . best choice in the area .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "renters beware ... ..the model apt . is nothing like what you will get . ask to see the apt . you will rent . if your told there only 3-4 apts avaivable , not true . there are many many more available . do n't mind the thin walls ... .conversations can be heard from neighbors . one good thing about that , you can tell if your neighbor is sick . you can hear them cough , sneeze and gag from your apt . when toilets flush you can hear the gush of water going through the pipes . it 's disturbing at first . speaking of toilets , you can hear the residents pee at night . there is a scorpion issue in some of the apts . management has been contacted and exterminators have been spraying . they just seem to keep coming . you 'll like the luxury formica counter tops and the excessively loud dishwasher . if you like parties , you 'll love the late night activities at the pool even though there are time limits ( those are for other people ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am not sure what the other negative review is about , maybe from a competing complex ? i still decided to take the plunge , even though i seen the negativity here . i walked in with my 3 month old ( crying on and off ) , and anna marie was as nice as could be . she was a little heavy on the selling pressure , but that is to be expected . absolutely no complaints there , i was very happy with her . there was a few things that needed repair when we moved in , but that was handled by marcus with new replacement parts the very next day . so far so good , which is more than i could say about my other apartment in mesa ( del coronado ) , they ignored my maintenance requests . i would take all the negative reviews with a grain of salt and at least go in a chat with the office , they are all very nice ! it has been 5 months and i am still as happy as a beaver .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "canadian owned company jacked the rents . several people have moved out . one good thing , old staff has moved on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in town and needed a quick haircut . after a quick wait , danica had me in her chair and was asking me what i would like done . i explained to her my last haircut at another salon was a little dicey and what i would like done . she listened thoroughly and repeated back to me what i would like done . i ended up with an excellent haircut from her ! i could n't be happier . the feeling in the salon was very upbeat and the stylists all seemed to really care about their craft . the space was clean and maintained well . i am very happy i needed an `` emergency '' haircut and would n't hesitate to return if i am ever in town again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "brought my 14 yr. old cousin in and asked for a hair wash + cut . instead , the stylist cut and then wash ... wth ? it should be the opposite ! and ironically , it did not include hair drying with it , that my cousin had to walk out with soaking wet hair ... wow . to hair dry meant `` styling '' when clearly there was no products whatsoever that they were going to add in with that 'styling ' - that would 've been an additional $ 5.95 charge , wow . misleading information and stupidly overpriced . never again going back . even beauty schools salon are 10x better , i 'd rather work with students in training vs. `` professionals '' as they say , lies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i got ta say.. i was nervous going in here today but u was desperate . i left very happy ! alicia is the girl i got and she was amazing ! a great communicator and did exactly what i needed . and it was only 17 $ and i tipped 10 $ cuz she did great ! it may be a hit or miss but i def got a great cut today .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to get my haircut about every 4 weeks at a fancy and expensive hair salon downtown madison but i 've never been back now that i 've been going to mastercuts with dannika ! she cuts like a pro and is super fun and personable ! i have also had `` mohawk molly '' too who is really good ! prices are very reasonable and they really are on a higher level than most hair cut places in the area even if it 's still a `` mastercuts '' in the mall . : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a haircut at 7:00 on a saturday and they were the only place open so i gave them a shot . the lady messed up so badly on my haircut and i was either forced to adopt a `` new style '' or shave it all off . i told her i 'd be more comfortable if she shaved it all off ( had to be at the shortest length possible because she messed up ) . paid for my haircut and tipped out of courtesy . baffled my haircut was n't free because of her mistake . i walked to straight to dick 's , bought a hat , and walked out with it on . not going back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great vibe , friendly service , and huge array of beverages . bar is always busy , but the bartenders do a great job of getting all orders out in a timely manner to the correct person . food is decent .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want to get wasted and dance to some rap then dos is your place ( at least in chandler ) . otherwise keep on walking . i 'm a craft beer wine bar kind of person . for me it 's : -too loud -filled with smoke -a minimal tap list -mediocre service", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the music on thurs and sat : ) good deals on drinks ! quality time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awful ! customer service was terrible ! the general mgr with the red hair and beard was a douche ! our daughters friend had a finger nail in her food . my husband had a bug in his tea . and our son had a mosquito in his chips ! the manager all but accused us of putting the nail in the food . horrible ! never ever will we return !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "review for happy hour ... .i was surprised i liked this place as much as i did . maybe it was the margaritas talking as they were tasty and i think only $ 3 . we were in a group of 12 people and of course all of us wanted separate checks . i always feel awkward when asking for a separate check but when asked , our server did not blink and was really nice the entire 3 hours that we were there . i think the request is common as it is a place that seems to cater to large parties . the place is loud , filled with tacky decorations , tables and chairs that wobble , but i would recommend if you are in the mood to meet a group of friends for drinks and socializing .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "so i came here twice , once for happy hour and once at night . i would not come here just for the food , even though i hear their food is pretty good and the menu is huge.. visually , the atmosphere does n't strike me as a place id like a nice `` hot plate '' from , but rather just drinks and maybe some tacos to go . for happy hour its cool , and i would recommend . they have cool bartenders and a cool crowd.. id pass on the night life here . the crowd is n't very attractive , not just on looks but over all . bad night idk ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "oh , dos ... you are both what i love and hate about visiting phx . you remind me of where i 'm from and how i grew up . you remind me of why i left and that i needed to grow up . you remind me of an arizonan 's version of mexico is like ... which is not the real mexico . you remind me of high school and college ... mainly because i 'll still run into peeps from high school and college at dos ... sigh . this particular location is essentially like all the rest ... gigantic bar , semi-outside , lots of booze , lots of beer , and lots of just relaxed people getting their drink on . nothing terrible but also nothing really great either ... i 'd still come back ... but i 'm glad i left .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "home of the $ 2 dos ... .equis that is ... since this is the closest to my house ( and i 've been to the others ) i like coming here when i feel like an after work beer and an afternoon breeze . the bartenders here are always good to me ( which unfortunately , is more than i can say for the scottsdale crew , just seems to much of a clique up there ) . love the food , love the crowd here as well.i 'll miss you when i move chandler dos", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love drinking here , but the food is mediocre . prices are good though . need to clean the tables better too .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like the atmosphere here and the drink specials are pretty good , but if you 're hungry definitely go somewhere else . i have never been impressed with the food . it 's very mediocre at best .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i , and i 'm sure many others in the phoenix suburbs , would gladly pay a little extra for some standards . is pretentious overcompensating downtown scottsdale the only place to find az night life that does n't celebrate sub-par lifestyles ? dos gringos is certainly a dive . i might rate them a 2star ( as at least it 's not a fight friendly 'unsafe ' dive ) , but the background music is so ridiculously loud you ca n't hear the others at your own table over the off key guitar soloist with his amplifier maxed out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food and service was great ! ! definitely recommend getting the mini chimies and rice ... mmmm delicious ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i went here yesterday and it was nothing like the dos gringos on priest . you can tell the manager at this location is lazy and does n't really care about the location at all . there were 4 dogs on the patio barking . there were children running around with cell phones as their parents were drinking , and the service was crap . bad location . go to the one on priest .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we had my fiance 's and my combined birthday party there this past friday . we had great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my favorite place . the biggest reason i go here is because i love the staff ! happy hour prices are very good and the food is good . it is just a fun place to hang and laugh and share a few drinks . now to get you guys to let me produce a video for you ! ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with this place started out as a good one , fun atmosphere , not too crowded , plenty of activities even if you are the dd . now as a mexican restaurant bar you would think they would have good tequila and know how to serve it . i ordered a patron on the rocks with a salted rim . what i got was warm patron with 2 tiny ice cubes which melted on delivery and barely enough salt to see that it was even there . i did n't get too upset at my `` drink '' and just switched to beer for the rest of the night . at the end of the night when i got my tab i saw that they had charged me for the 2 tiny ice cubes that they put in my warm tequila . to charge me for ice cubes when a glass of water is free is ridiculous . i will never go here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went there for first time the service was awesome only issue was menu was kind of weak i would if expected more drinks and food but great service", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff is unbelievably awesome , which is the only reason i go back . the drinks are overpriced and served in plastic cups . i hope you like classic rock because that 's all you 'll hear during happy because they block the jukebox .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i go to dos gringos for every ufc fight . i went last night for the ufc fight and that may be my last at dos gringos . the food was awful . there was 6 of us and not one of us enjoyed our food . the service was almost non existent . they are now asking for a cover charge which is good if it was comparable to other places that require cover charges . they really need to step it up for fight nights ! !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "first and last time here . the food was horrible , it was like frozen food . the drinks were terrible , you 're better off sticking to bottled beer cause it 's a safe bet . and having a parrot squak while you 're tying to eat and talk to your friends was not fun !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "berlin is the best . she was very obviously new to the job , but we told her our names ... she remembered them the entire time , and did n't even mind that 4 people came in for just 2 margaritas and a couple of sodas . they are sticklers about their 10pm start time for reverse happy hour , but otherwise ... a great place to relax , unwind , and people watch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dos is our favorite spot . all the staff are awesome as is their food . they have great happy hour deals . i really like the bloody mary 's and the breakfast burrito on sundays . dos gringos rocks ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anytime i can sit outside , eat street tacos , and enjoy myself , i am happy . ( especially when i am just a few miles from home ) . i do like their taco tuesdays , and they have a nice selection of beverages . service was ok .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "do n't go to eat only ! it 's not a great restaurant , food is ok , server was cold and dismissive , tables and chairs are beat up and uncomfortable , salsa is out of a can . but it is a great place to go chill and drink with friends . i had a margarita and it was good . i would come back with friends to pre game or have a night out but not for a family dinner or anything like that .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have really enjoyed dos chandler for a few years now , i used to just drink their negra modelo and dos x , but recently started eating the super ewey gooey chimi , which i would recommend to anyone . their quesadillas are awesome , they do n't get much better than that . ( and i work in a new mexican style kitchen ) . i feel they should offer more mexican beers on tap , and definitely need more tequila options . the frozen margaritas are n't anything to brag about , however . the tables are usually sticky now whenever i sit down..and i have n't had a consistent server or bartender in a long time , there is always someone new , but they do a decent job taking care of me , but i can tell they do n't have much support management-wise on the floor . i give three stars due to dirty tables , poor beer selection on tap , and the usual generic tequila selection . being a mexican restaurant they need to step up their game and clean the place up .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love kristine , megan , and nick ! they know our `` usual '' and always make time to come by and say hi . not just say hi , though . they ask how our week was , what 's new ... they take a general interest in us which is refreshing to experience from the normal bar atmosphere . it 's dog friendly so be sure to bring your four-legged friend !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went last night about 5 p.m. bar area outside dining room sort of busy - only one other couple in dining room , about 4 couples playing pool . the deco is great . the live music was great . the food was horrible . the beans tasted like the pan scorched . i got two tacos , one was ice cold and the tortillas was wet , from what , i do n't know , i did n't eat it . the pica de gallo tasted funny . the waitress never refilled out drinks and we only saw her when she took our order and when she brought our check . i did n't want to leave a tip but my husband left a small one . i will never eat there again . only go if you are only drinking .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "street tacos are good , happy hour corona 's for $ 2.50 , great for happy hour or a laid back evening . nothing like the dos in scottsdale , but if you 're feeling in the mood for steak nachos and a beer with no fuss , this is a good spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "christine 's cadillac margaritas are a total hit every time ! she makes the bar a very enjoyable place for me and my girl to hangout , she knows exactly what we like and makes us feel at home every time . love the place and love her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible customer service from the moment you walk in . want a quick drink ? walk over to circle k next door and get yourself a case and drink at home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "sooooo ... .. fight night . there we are . every single fight . and lo and behold , kids are allowed at the bar until god-knows-when . seriously . children . in a bar . they were permitted to enter under `` parental supervision '' however , no parents to be found . the staff does n't seem to mind . it 's a complete buzz kill . also , total lack of seating for the absolutely expected crowd of games fights whatever is going on . ridiculous . my point is ... ... stop admitting children . this is not a family environment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "super expensive for mediocre bland ( can you believe it from a mexican place ) food . now that the minimum wage went up , they no longer offer free kids meals ( which they used to at all times with the purchase of an entree ) which really makes you notice how expensive everything else is . wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this dos location is ok . i mean i never have a bad time when i come here , but i never have an exceptional time . make the commute for the scottsdale location . that dos is money ! !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've gone to dos a dozen or so times over the last couple of years and the place just keeps getting worse . service is incredibly slow with us waiting with empty drinks for long periods of time as we try to find our waitress . the last two times we were there ( both on a tuesday evening ) , we ended up leaving after 20 minutes because the 5 servers that passed our table never stopped to take orders , or even make eye contact . the only time we 've been able to be served in a timely manner is if we 're sitting at the bar .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dropped in recently to return some rollerblades i 'd bought my wife for christmas and see if there was another pair she would like better . the extent of the customer service was them directing us to the shelf where the skates are located but obviously the guy doing that knew nothing about the different brands or models and did n't even want to help looking for sizes as he walked away and quickly went back to his conversation about the nfl playoffs with another employee . also , because it 's big 5 they have a very limited selection of styles and once my wife tried on a few we decided just to return that pair and look elsewhere . we ended up purchasing a new pair at sports authority instead .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "active lifestyle ? ck it out ! i always find deals on shoes for hiking , running , walking . sales are great . when i ck similar products at other sport stores , big 5 always seems to have better sales & discounts . staff always available to help & assist . returns and exchanges have been painless . i 'll be back as soon as i wear out my next runners : - )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "big 5 gets five stars ... .because it is the only place in the valley that i have consistently found fila shoes for a great price ... .enough said .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by this store with my husband and son to get them both soccer shoes . let me start of by stating the customer service in this store is excellent ! the assistant manager john and csr 's made us feel very welcomed . sadly i did n't write down the names of the two gentlemen that helped us find the perfect soccer shoes for my son and husband . we were approached couple times to ask us if we needed help finding anything and to assist us with getting the shoe sizes we needed . it was just the right amount of customer service needed , enough to let us look around and not feel overwhelmed by too much asking . also the store is clean and neatly organized . which helped to be able to find what we needed . as well the prices are decent with good quality shoes and brands . i do n't understand why they do n't have better reviews , but i would recommend for you to stop by and give them a chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a fan of this place because of its prices . we had one sales associate who was worthless when it came time to help us , however we came across another guy who made up for it . my one complaint was how cramped this store is . its packed with stuff and hard to manuver around . again , the prices made up for any mis-haps along the shopping way and was pleased when my son 's soccer kleets were only 17 $ , originally 32 $ .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "more reasonably priced items here . decent quality products . good sales . coupons are a bit confusing . quite a few of them , but be sure to read the fine print otherwise you may be disappointed when you get to the store . my issue is that i called with the coupon on hand with a question thrying to clarify the exclusions but even the staff could not explain it to me . i do expect more from those who work there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had purchased multiple blower vacuum for yardwork at the local lowes and home depot . no one on duty knew anything about the lawn care equipment . after purchasing several different units i found each make and model was awkward , heavy and cumbersome to use . after taking them back i decided to review more quality lawn care equipment . i heard a lot of good things about the stihl product line . i decided to stop by stotz equipment to see the options for blower vacuum lawn care units . the guys on duty were very helpful and went over all the features of the units . i was able to double my warranty by simply purchasing the stihl brand oil . they even tested the unit i purchased before i left . i am amazed at how much thought was put into the design of the unit i chose . it is light , powerful and a dream to use . i would encourage others to consider the stihl products and stotz equipment before going to a box store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to purchase a john deere and i feel more comfortable knowing they have an onsite service department .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a perfect example of how 1 employed can give a company a bad name . every one in sales are super nice and helpful . the lady in service is worthless . when dropping off my equipment she had a horrible attitude like i was bothering her by brining them my business . after multiple days with no phone calls i call to inquire about the status . she says someone should be calling me that day . that was over a week ago . i have called twice since and gotten no answers if it has even been looked at . i think i will just pick up my equipment and go somewhere that has their act together ... wish i could give a zero star rating", "score": "1"}
{"review": "andrea is absolutely wonderful . she 's pet-sit for me several times over the past several years and i 've never had a single issue . on her first visit she stopped by to meet the animals and go over details with me . now i just call her to let her know the days i 'll be away and she arrives without any problems . she 's very responsible and trustworthy - her copy of my house key broke off in the lock and she called me right away and we figured out a solution . she even came by on a day she did n't have to in order to get it fixed - all of this while i was gone . on another occasion my travel plans changed suddenly and she was able to continue watching my animals . i highly recommend andrea as a professional house-sitter . she ca n't be beat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrea has been a lifesaver- literally ! she was watching over our furry monsters when our ac went out in july and we were across the country . she not only made an extra visit just to see if the ac was broken , but helped us find an open kennel to get our cats boarded . she 's been our creature sitter several times now , thankfully with less craziness . her rates are very reasonable and she keeps in great contact with you . her initial visit with us went over all the little things we wanted done ( like picking up the paper and bringing it in ) and was very thorough . since she offers a full house sitter and pet sitter menu of services , she 's knows things to cover that we had not thought of ! she 's very professional and is licensed and insured . your animals will thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "andrea is a complete flake . she advised she would watch my pet over the holidays and cancelled after it was too late to find another pet sitter .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have been very fortunate to have andrea for our house pet sitter for two years now ! she is flexible and able to take care of the unexpected while we are away . we can rest easy because we know andrea is taking great care of our dogs , cat and menagerie of animals we leave in her care . thanks andrea for giving us a break !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like the fresh donuts . quick in , quick out . good prices on fuel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love quiktrip but this is one of my least favorite locations . the facilities and staff are fine but the clientele this location attracts is quite sketchy . i see a lot of homeless people and halfway house people hanging around this location .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in my job we stop at qt quite often on the way to our job site . one of the reasons is because the restroom is usually clean . not at this location . i usually order something from the kitchen and they will make me pizza with garlic butter instead of pizza sauce ( tomato allergy ) but not this location . i will definitely avoid this qt in the future .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "always a great experience . employees always in a good mood , place always clean from what i can tell .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is excellent ! the place is bright and clean and is owned by a palestinian family from jerusalem . the food is really fresh and full of flavour . portions are huge and the selection of salads is excellent . i have been here many times and tried most of the items . i hope this place sticks around as it fill the shawarma void in east danforth .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally ! a shawarma place in tha hood ! i love , love , love this place . the owners are friendly . all of the cooking equipment is brand new and clean . more importantly , the food is fantastic , authentic and the helpings are enormous and inexpensive . what more could you ask for ? nooooooooooo ! this place is closed damn it . whyyyyyyyyy ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is one of the best shawarma i 've had in toronto ! the food is fresh and full of taste . very generous portions and great salads and rice ! the sandwiches are always so delicious . the staff is very friendly . excellent quantity and quality for your money . highly recommend it , you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't ask for much more with this gem . - modern and clean - amazing prices - friendly staff - great food - huge portions - extra sauces lol i had a chicken schwarma plate , and it 's 3 hours later and i 'm still full . might need a nap actually . well done .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i get shawarma i get it `` naked . '' no bread . i love that the portion is big and it tastes amazing . best i 've tried so far ! i need to edit this review to say i wish i could say and remember the name to tell people about it other than the intersection . also , they should just add shawarma salad to their menu because it really would add an option for the paleo and dieting crowd . especially with all of those businesses around that need some lunch ! still going with 5 stars because the food keeps getting better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall i have mixed feelings for this joint . i ordered the lunch special , 2 shawarma plates for $ 13.99 . our plates were filled yes , big portions . the rice with beans was quite good with their two salads and meat . the gripe i have with this place is when my plate was made , the server did n't add sliced onions , pickled turnips until i asked him to . he replied by saying `` it does n't come with the meal , but i 'll put it for you this time . '' first time i 've heard of a shawarma place not including these toppings on their plates . not good customer etiquette by any means , you guys can do better . in any rate almanqal still does n't beat ruby 's mediterranian cuisine at the eglinton square mall . if you want 'heavenly shawarma ' head on there instead !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "3.5 stars if only yelp would allow that but i will give them a half of star for the tremendous value . the portions are huge and the price tag is low . if you 're hungry and want something to fill you up quick and cheap then this will do . the chicken is slightly on the dry side but very flavourful . veggies are all fresh and nicely dressed . the potatoes are ... .well.. potatoes ? they taste they way they should taste . visit if you 're hungry and on a budget .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great value , delicious flavours . classic enough that you are comforted by familiar flavours but different with a unique twist . this is my favourite new takeout place for those nights when i do n't want to cook . welcome addition to the neighbourhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i really enjoy this local restaurant . recently we bought a house in the area , and being busy with the move and with life , and wanting a quick healthy meal from time to time , this is the place to go . they always have fresh vegetables on hand ( olives , pickles , pickled beets , lettuce etc ) along with garlic spread and some other awesome sauces . they make the falafel fresh ! ! they are a great local , and quick sharma place . the price is just right too ! they are busy , and getting busier . a place you must visit . i give it 4 stars only because they could improve slightly on the decor . having said that , this place does fit into the category of fast food . hope this review was helpful : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love shawarma and this place ... it hits the spot . the food is really fresh and despite being a `` fast food '' it is not greasy and they use quality products . the staff is really nice and the prices are spot on . i really hope this place sticks around , it 's a welcome addition to the neighbourhood . try it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always tasty , generous portions and friendly service . every neighbourhood needs it 's own great shawarma and this place definitely fits the bill .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had to knock one star off , the beef was pretty dry , that being said i would definitely come back but just get the chicken instead of mixed plate . everything else is fresh and delicious . worth a visit for sure . parking can be hard to find .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "our go to place on the days we do n't wan na cook . authentic lebanese food and the portions are so generous , that it is literally 2 meals for me . the owners are so polite and lovely . you will get your money 's worth . we recommend the mixed plate : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome place ! i come here all the time for lunch . staff is friendly , lots of food topping options , and it 's affordable ! definitely recommend trying this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and nice owner . fresh , tasty with big portions . i often order the chicken shawarma plate .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good neighborhood spot making delicious shawarma . went to pick up dinner ... no beef left , had the chciken plate ... really juicy and well seasoned . appears to be more of a lunch spot given how most salads were sold down and only one shawarma was left . really good stuff , will visit again ... also love that it 's a local and indie owned place", "score": "4"}
{"review": "very good , high quality homemade food . the falafels are the best and they hand make them fresh to order .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything was delicious ! chicken shawarma , hummus , rice with lentils , potatoes , falafel , coleslaw , and tabbouleh . portions are generous , service was efficient and friendly . the selection was good as well . out of 4 or 5 shawarma places i 've been to in the area , this one is definitely the best ! i ca n't wait to go back ! they also have whole , half and quarter chickens .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food ! the staff is amazing ! too bad they do not deliver otherwise i would have it more often . the parking around there sucks and usually taken up by the pizza pizza delivery guys who save spots for each other ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "update : this restaurant is closed . : ( after hearing about this place from a few people i decided to try it over the holidays . probably the timing was n't the best for having a regular service experience . even so , everything that 's been said by others is right on the mark . i 'm not usually someone who cares much for rice , but the rice included with the meal was very flavourful and delicious . the chicken , as others have mentioned was a bit on the side of dry , but still very good . huge portions and everything done well . very nice staff and a clean environment . excellent value .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my husband and i go to stop for a shawarma plate . the portions are huge and the price is right . very tasty , and very freindly staff", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is horrible ! ! ! ! the front desk receptionists have no manners . brandon was my go to guy and in charge of my unit and it was impossible to get anything fixed . i moved into a town home with no screens , broken glass , broken cabinets and cat hair and urine infested carpets . as soon as our year was up we moved out and got jipped my almost $ 900 deposit . worst experience ever and i do not recommend anyone to rent from this horrible company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been living in house managed by apt hunters . the good stuff is that my agent leaves me alone and never bothers me about anything even when i 'm running late with rent . the bad stuff is that you pretty much have to fix things yourself unless its something major in which case they still take weeks or months to start thinking about fixing it in the cheapest possible way . very shady outfit and it 's obvious to me they pocket most of the money from the owner and do n't put much effort into actually managing or maintaining the property . if i was the owner i would be pissed . but i am happy here for now until i get my finances in order and buy my own place .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have never in my life dealt with such unprofessional , shady , and downright awful property management people ! we had sherry as our property manager and , while she is nice when you speak to her , good luck ever getting a hold of her because she does n't answer her phone and it takes her an eternity to get back to you . also , expect serious delays if you need a repair ! oh and if your property is owned by scott foote beware ! ! ! he is a liar , a thief , and a cheapass ! our home was in foreclosure throughout the entire duration of our 12 month lease ! we left that house in damn near immaculate condition and yet only got $ 415 out of the $ 1000 refundable security deposit ! are you kidding me ? you charge a $ 250 redecorating fee , a $ 150 carpet cleaning fee , and a $ 175 cleaning fee ? ? ? that was not how it was explained to us ever ! ! these people and scott foote are deceitful and horrible to work with ! avoid !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this company is horrible stay away from them they lack professionalism no common courtesy to return calls or emails ... .the receptionist at there office is rude and unfriendly as will as all he staff that work there none of them are friendly they look at you like your beneath them and have no time for you .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tried this new spot for a gel mani today . pros : clean , modern , great gel collection cons : the lady doing my nails decided to take the polish off me after applying it and drying it on my left hand . also my nails are rough and not filed smoothly.. i would go back again and try another nail tech . possibly .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "today was my 2nd time at jeniza nails . i 've typically gone on days times where it 's not super busy , so i 'm able to walk in , and am quickly accommodated within 5-10 minutes ! they are extremely clean , taking precautions that i have n't seen at other nail salons yet . my technician today was le , who was gentle but thorough . i have a tricky left great toe ( due to surgery years ago ) , and she 's probably the first person to ever fix up the nail flawlessly . it 's been months since my feet felt this soft ; and she was extremely gentle ( but thorough ) with my cuticles . i will definitely be going back for my manis pedis ; last time they also did an awesome job with my gel nails ! ask for le ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah the people are friendly , but for a first timer i would never come back here . my nails look like a twelve year old did them . and my thumb is still bleeding . i 'm not a happy camper ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had loved this place until today . came in for a pedicure a whole hour before they close and was told that they were not taking anymore clients , excuse me ? i guess the owners must be doing so well that they have the luxury to turn customers away . there were 5 chairs available and i counted at least 3 available employees , shame on you because i am not coming back . if you are not about to honor your `` business hours '' maybe you should close an hour earlier ! oh , and your disheveled receptionist ? she needs to check her attitude at the door .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i come here for gel nails . i do n't know how , but the gel nails i get here look the best , last the longest , and destroy my nails the least out of the 10+ places i 've had gels done in phoenix . the waiting area is a little cramped and i wish all nail salons would present gel colors in a better way than that weird plastic rolodex of fake nails , but i will keep coming back to this place because i 'm lazy and clumsy and bright nails make me happy . plus it 's next to a chipotle and a total wine . i could pretty much live next to a nail salon , a chipotle , and a total wine and never leave the thirty yard radius of my house , so i 'm a fan .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "me and my brother were in need of a pedicure . we found this place by chance and walked in 10 min before closing . they were very accommodating and hanna and christine were more than happy to stay late to get us in . very friendly staff and a very clean establishment . men do n't be shy to try this place the girls working here are very helpful with our needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great . 13 dollars for a manicure , 12 if paying cash . it 's small , but well designed . it feels more homelike than any other salon . exceptional clean . my manicurist , michelle , used hand sanitizer on herself and me before starting . tools were pulled out of an autoclave pack . manicure was well done . after two days , no signs of chipping or tip wear . i would definitely come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been here a couple times and the ladies always do a good job . they have even stayed late to do a mani pedi when i came in at 6:35 , close to closing . prices are standard . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love jeniza ! i have been coming here twice a month for almost a year now and have only great things to say . the gel manicure lasts longer than any other manicures i have had and my nails do n't become thin like before ! hanna is the best so ask for her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place that is unless i show up and the owner is there . i 've used the same nail tech from day one ( 3+ years client ) and love her work . i always receive compliments on my gel manicures . the place is cute with a lot of nail color options . i like that the feet tubs are lined and everything is sterilized . the workers are always nice and can work and have fun all at the same time while including you in on the conversation but lately it 's changed . when the owner is around she is constantly yelling out the girls names and asking if they are almost done because she needs them for the next client . i pay money to have my gel manicure and pedicure done right and not feel like these poor girls are rushing through my appointment . oh to top it off the girls and i were talking and laughing and the owner walks over and shushed them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't waist your money on this place , 15 min . and they were done my 5 year old could have done a better paint job on my nails , and the whole time i was there i felt they were talking about me they kept laughing and looking at me and laughing and whispering back-and-forth how uncomfortable is that , after this crappy experience i handed the women at the counter my credit card and the women threw it back at me , i would never recommend this place to anyone unless you want to throw your money down the drain or feel like you 've been insulted for the day !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "customer service was the best i ever saw for a nail salon . they took me in immediately , and were very helpful ! the only issue is the quality of the service . tina was very nice but i have two cuts on my pinkies that still did n't heal and it has been almost a week . on top of it my thumb gel nail polish chipped off within 2 days : ( . i would rather have bad customer service but good quality nails ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i have been coming here for a while and only will have ann do my nails . she is amazing at what she does and i can honestly say i never have nails that lift , chip , or any fungal infections . i have been to other places around biltmore and there is no comparison . she 's a doll and i always look forward to catching up with her every couple weeks . go see ann ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place looks nice with nice pedi chairs & they got me in right away , but the woman who did my nails cut into my big toe cuticle very low & now my toe is throbbing ; concerned it will get infected & turn into an ingrown nail . : ( the worst possible outcome from getting a pedicure ! she was just not careful & aggressive with the nippers . also while cleaning under my finger nails during my manicure , she poked me deep enough under my fingernail to make it bleed which also hurt ! the woman who serviced me was a little older maybe ca n't see very well . i do n't know but i 'm in pain & very upset . i do n't pamper myself often & now i 'm left with this . this is what i get for doing a walk in service & not going to my regular salon . i should get refund for this & hope i do n't need medical attention", "score": "1"}
{"review": "how the heck are you going to charge $ 20 for gel polish and $ 5 to file nails slightly to form a slight coffin shape on a 15 year old girl . i went in to get a pedicure only because i was given a gift card and figured my daughter could get her nails done at the same time . my pedicure was mediocre and the nail polish application was n't the best . when i approach the register to pay , i am told my total is $ 86 . i ask why is it $ 86 and they explained the $ 20 gel price and $ 5 filing price . i was in shock and completely disappointed that the price was n't disclosed prior to the service especially since my daughter is 15 and clearly i am the one paying . needless to say , we will not return . complete gouging done at this place as gel polish is usually $ 10 and nail filing is included in the service at other nail salons . to top it off , her $ 20 gel polish started chipping the next day .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm so torn ! ! ! i 've come here once before , but that time it was really busy and they did n't have time for a basic mani . i get that . but the customer service could 've been better . the lady at the front desk just yelled out to see who could do a mani , no body could so i just left . my most recent visit was a little better , but why does their customer service have to suck so bad . i would have given this place a two , but the gal who did my nails ( basic mani ) did a good job and my color is still on and it 's almost a week later ! prices are cheap and have plenty of selection of nail colors . i probably wo n't be back unless i did n't have any other choice of salon . but i could tell they had their regulars which is probably a good sign , just was n't my cup o ' tea .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ladies : do n't even waste your time . this is a `` chop shop '' strip mall nail place , i will not be back . came because a friend invited me , when i got home i noticed that my heels were not pumice enough , this is not the place you should come if you really want your feet pampered . the polish job was ok but the pedicure was not . blame myself somewhat because i was on my phone and should have checked the job before i left . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "he did a good job . thumbs up for the customer service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is very welcoming everyone very friendly . unfortunately i had made an appointment at 615 with a particular nail tech but she had just started with another client , but i ended up with another tech and she was excellent . would certainly come back and recommend . nails look superb ! i will update on how long they last !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is absolutely terrible . i brought my sixteen year old autistic daughter to this nail salon , and two of the staff members treated us horrible . i could n't believe they sat there and made fun of my daughter , how horrible of a person can you be ? and the pedicures were pretty bad , everything felt very rushed from the moment we sat down . i could paint my own toe nail better then these ladies can . i would say this is the most uncomfortable pedicure i 've ever had in my life .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a regular customer and this is definitely the place i go when i want my nails done right , and where i send friends and family . they 're polite , the salon is clean and well organized , and the prices are reasonable . ( i read the negative reviews on here and am startled by them , as not only have i never had a bad experience , but have never heard any complaints from clients while i 've been there . )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to say that i was just given the best manicure of my life ! my nails are beautiful ! the owners definitely care about there business ! i will be back ! thank you jeniza and ping", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been a customer for over 2 years . tina has been doing my mani pedis for most of that time . she does an exceptional job on my nails . all of the other nt 's are courteous and very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've only been twice to this location the second time she nicked my cuticle so bad with her nail drill that it was bleeding.. it ended up getting infected she is too rough and was a painful experience.. i wo n't be back.. they are nice tho", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kimi is great - she cares , advises , takes her time and spends time on your nails . finally i found a good nail tech !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for years and never had a bad experience . i usually just walk in because everyone here does a good job . it 's kind of a popular place so if you 're going with friends or on a weekend , i 'd recommend making an appointment . i have found this place to be much cleaner and friendlier than other places in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not sure what is happening here . like other recent reviewers , i have been coming here for years . my last experience was a terrible polish ... looked clunky and chipped within one day . i chalked it up to a poor technician . i 'm extremely disappointed in my experience again today . poor customer service , poor response to a preset appointment , and hurried service . jeniza needs to start spending time here again to ensure its run with the professional touch that seems to be amiss without her on site . time to accept referrals to new places from friends .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love the atmosphere here . very classy and does not have that `` nail salon '' feel or smell . very clean . they actually have a receptionist who schedules all the appointments and walk ins , she is very polite and professional . my nails look great every time and last for 2+ weeks . prices are slightly higher but i 'd rather pay more for a better experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "van is my girl , she always leaves me looking fabulous . not to mention she 's hilarious . my nails always look beautiful after i leave her .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the service was horrible ! after showing a simple nail design to the tech , hanna i believe , blatantly said it was ugly and refused to do it . this comment turned me off completely , and i decided it was time to leave . the staff then continued to argue with me to pay for a service , which i did not receive . horrible techs with no sense of customer service . if no stars was an option that 's exactly what they would 've gotten .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm usually not one to complain , and definitely not one to leave a bad review . but i just feel so strongly about the services that i got here that i have to write about it i have come here twice to get my eyebrows done . the first time that they messed them up i wrote it off to the technician just not knowing what she was doing , but the second time with a different girl and she put her them just as bad . i am never going to come back here again and i should have known that since the first time . so i really do blame myself for doing it again since i already knew the work that they do .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love my tech at this shop . i drive from east mesa on schedule every 3 weeks . the cleanliness of this shop is top notch . i do n't understand people who complain about walk in service . make an appointment and treat them as the professionals they are .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chose the place despite the rating simply because it was walking distance from my home . but i will never be back ! my gel manicure is coming off after two days of getting them done ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very particular about my nails . moved into the area a few months ago and tried many different shops . this is by far the best . the women are amazing and friendly , and my gel nails last as long as they are supposed to with no chipping or peeling . they do not try to use a rotary nail file to remove the old gel and they take their time to make sure i leave 100 % satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my go to . love jeniza and all the ladies here . professional , clean , quick , and wo n't break the bank . all nail techs do immaculate work . can walk in w o an appointment or specific person in mind and still be sure to be taken care of . if you 're getting gel , they are generous on the coats so if you do n't have long nails or like thick gel manis , be mindful of that .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my nails always look great and last for about 3 weeks ! plus the price is definitely right : ) i prefer kim , but other i have tried are also very good ! ! warm and welcoming always", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just okay . it 's a subway . the restaurant was n't the cleanest but it was n't filthy . staff was pleasant .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location has definitely turned around . the crew of young adults who work there , was very efficient and attentive . they handle thems self professionally and worked as a team . and handled a rude customer very appropriately . i will definitely come back to this location . also i recommend the gentleman with glasses be given a rise and promotion for his leadership skills and customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm glad that i 'm able once again to be able to get my italian bmt foot long sub from subway . it 's been nearly three months since my subway lunches and dinners have been interrupted and i am glad to be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very clean . hospitable owner . very nice . one of the best subways i 've ever had the pleasure to visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. venditelli and his team are incredible this is a top notch practice , very well run and professional . as an adult getting orthodontic treatment , i have been super impressed with the degree of expertise and the overall experience with forest hill orthodontics . would recommend them to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place ! ! i have been searching for an orthodontist and luckily came across this one . it 's located very close to the ttc and is just a short walk from st.clair subway station . all the staff are extremely nice , especially rosi ! it 's easy to contact them , and all staff explain everything with great detail . rosi helped me with my financial plan and definitely met all my financial needs . ( which was an important factor for me ) the office is very modern and extremely clean . the environment is also well catered for children . there is this computer like device that children can play on , movies playings , toy slot machine , and free frozen yogurt ! ! ! i could go on and on , but the best way to know is to find out yourself . if you 're in search of a great orthodontist , then book an appointment at forest hill ( since first xrays and consultation is complimentary ) . updates will be posted through out my personal treatment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor results . they took no responsibility what so ever and blamed my son for it ! ! ! they take your money in advance . we deeply regret dealing with such a person .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am very impressed with phx clean . i had originally hired someone else to shampoo our carpets but they did n't show up . i called phx clean and they came that same day and honored the price i was quoted from the other company . we have pets and one of them is disabled and has a hard time making it in the litter box at times they took extra care to clean that room and did am amazing job . the smell was gone and the carpets looked great . thank you adrian !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a great experience with phx clean . our travertine floors look brand new ! ! ! they took their time and paid attention to details . for sure we will recommend them and use them in the future .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "phx clean was awesome ! i felt like they did n't only clean my carpet , they really deep cleaned it . they went the extra mile on helping me with moving my furniture and even sent a rep back later in the day to move smaller furniture after all was dry . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my carpet cleaned on dec 2,1215 and the phxclean employee , devin was very professional and on time , he did a great job and i would use this company again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scotty 's kitchen inside the rum runner on desert inn is the shit . his food is amazing and the bar is great as well . great customer service . me and my friend ordered scott 's frys and omg they are like crack . so yummy and addicting . no i have not done crack lol but these frys will have you hooked . scott uses only the freshest ingredients and everything is made from scratch . totally coming back to try more good food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hands down the best food at any bar in town ! scotty is friendly and a actual cheif ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is not `` bar '' food as i 've known it . it 's not over sauced wings and chicken fingers , endlessly fatty foods with salt galore . every special is based on fresh , in season vegetables and meats and his own recipes ! when he 's out of ingredients for the night , he crosses through that offering and it 's done until tomorrow . the atmosphere is no doubt a bar , but the food is much more memorable . the pork belly ramen , pork bhan mi , and many other asian fusion dishes are out of this world . he also has `` scotty '' fries for those missing the bay area , and a country fried chicken sandwich thats equally delicious for the less adventurous . i 've eaten here weekly for the better part of a year and it never disappoints .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we are in the process of buying our first home so you can imagine it 's been a bit stressful . for our home inspection , ryan was recommended to us and we were beyond satisfied with his work . he was very professional . he took plenty of time at the end of the inspection to go over everything and if we did n't understand something he broke it down in layman 's terms . his report was also very detailed . he really seemed to care about us and making sure we were taken care of . i would definitely recommend him to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a realtor i depend on someone i can count on for a concise and thorough inspection . i have used ryan several times and find him to be knowledgeable and approachable . ryan is forthright when your looking for the big picture of the home overall as well as details that i may want a further explanation so i understand well enough to convey to my clients .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan has always done a great job working with the buyers i have referred him to . he is thorough and takes time to really go through any issues found at the walkthrough . his reports are very detailed and easy to follow as well . ryan is a professional but at the same time down to earth and makes it easy to discuss the reports and get recommendations . i would highly recommend ryan .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan is , by far , one of the most knowledgable home inspectors i 've ever used as a real estate agent ! it 's obviously he truly understand the inner workings systems of homes , but he also has a great way of conveying that knowledge to buyers so that they understand how things work & are able to discern items that are truly important or need attention . he 's always willing to go the extra mile for me in answering questions or accommodating inspection times . i feel 100 % comfortable referring my clients to him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan is extremely thorough and professional with his inspections . he takes his time and checks every inch of the house to ensure nothing is missed . he treated my home as if it were his own , providing impeccable knowledge and advice on all home maintenance and repairs . he also answered any and all questions in a completely understanding way . he is trustworthy , reliable , and punctual . this made what could have been a stressful home buying experience very pleasant for us . call him soon , he is in high demand ! ! thank you greenlight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never have i met such a thorough competent professional who got the job done while accommodating our every request . thanks for the excellent service ryan , you 're the man ! ! this is our first time using ryan but he will forever be our home inspector and i ca n't wait to recommend him to our friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ryan was very professional and his report was extremely thorough . the price was very fair and he was quick to respond to all question and concerns . he went above and beyond in every way . i look forward to recommending greenlight rei to my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "definitely my favorite yogurt shop , my family goes at least on a weekly basis . the employees are always friendly and helpful . great selection of flavors and toppings that update regularly . prices are on par with other yogurt shops , but they have may specials to take advantage of ... 2-for-tuesday , summer pass , groupon , coupons , school fundraisers ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is by far one of the rudest post offices and laziest i 've been to in cleveland . ca n't buy stamps unless they are open where most place have technology from 2014 . by the way their credit card machine never works so bring cash ,", "score": "1"}
{"review": "if you are downtown , during the week , are on foot and have to do some post office business - this is the spot . tis all . if you are driving do n't waste the effort looking to park . go to orange ave .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've stopped by twice - both times closed during daytime hours . the first time it was right before 4:00 p.m. closed . ok . i needed to mail something out today , but could n't take off much time away from the office downtown . i arrived at 1:30 , thinking there 's no reason to be closed early afternoon on a weekday . unfortunately as i arrived , the staff member took one look at me , turned off the lights and exited into the backroom . the doors were locked . there were about 3 of us right outside the door with packages . lovely . apparently , as the tiny sign indicates on the front door ( see photo ) , they are closed between 1:20 - 2:45 p.m. every day for lunch . very frustrating .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "incredibly rude service . the employee with the purple hair was making ethnic slurs against an asian customer , and made an off remark about myself when i had a question about packaging and then paying . pro tip : do n't bother using a credit card . it must be signed ( according to their non existent signs they pointed me to ) , or they ca n't take it . unlike fedex or ups or any other business . what is this ? 1975 ? or 2015 ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg , has to be the worst managed mcd i 've ever been to . needs updating , lots of staff , but just standing around took way to long to order and the 15 minutes to get food that was luke warm at best . how does that happen ? very inattentive workers never go back here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not sure i can give this mcdonalds even 1 star . you 're in the drive thru for an average of 10-15 minutes . no joke . not worth the stop at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "omg , so creeped out ! walked into the bathroom , opened the stall door , and saw bugs crawling all over the toilet seat . left the cellphone in the car so could n't snap a photo . ewwwwwwww !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very flexible and easy to work with . very professional . set up a bit early and remove a bit late so you get your money 's worth . i rented tsunami slide ( wet ) which was a blast for 4th graders . slide was in great condition and fit perfectly in my backyard . be sure to measure and get dimensions of slide . do n't risk it with random craigslist providers . i will go to bouncy bounce for future rentals . the birthday party was a huge hit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "rented our first inflatable bouncer for our 3 kids birthday party . it was a great experience . the bouncer was very clean , and the price was extremely reasonable . the bouncer was supposed to be delivered saturday morning , but i received a call thursday asking if it could be delivered on friday in order to work better with their delivery schedules . they would not charge us extra , and so of course my kids were thrilled that they could have it all to themselves for a full day . great company . very professional and easy to work with . we will definitely use them in the future !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i must highly recommend bouncy bouncy inflatables when renting for your next party . we held a fundraiser for a 2 year old little girl with cancer and they were gracious enough to donate a bouncy house for our event . our bouncy was clean , fun , and easy to set up ! it was the hit of our event ! communication was easy and customer service was above and beyond . our venue had specific insurance requirements and bill took care of it without question . i look forward to renting from bouncy bouncy and will highly recommend them the friends and family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after dealing with a clan of lying assclowns over at white knight party rentals last year , i 'm glad i found bouncy bouncy inflatables this year for my son 's 4th birthday party . this place actually showed up when they said they were going to . there was n't an endless string of bullsht like what was slung my way by white knight party rentals the days leading up to and the day of my event . anyway , bouncy bouncy was able to deliver a quality bouncy house on-time and in a professional manner . their prices are reasonable and their staff is friendly . i will use again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had a party our hoa put on and the lady who booked it booked for the wrong day . we had a lot of people ready to show up and nothing for them to play on . bouncy bouncy inflatables saved the day for us . they found us all of the things we needed ( and reserved for the wrong day ) and delivered everything for the day we needed it . we have used them before in the past and they have always been so professional and affordable . we will be using them again no doubt about it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "have rented from this company twice . once for halloween and once for new years eve . have had great service and great prices both times ! we opt to pick it up ourselves since it 's cheaper that way and they load and unload everything . it 's been a great , local business to work with !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we do rehab properties in phoenix and after discovering desert breeze glass they are the only company we use . they are fast , reasonably priced and their workmanship is excellent . the attention to detail superb ! i am a hard task master , have really high standards , and desert breeze always exceeds my expectations . great job always , desert breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a quote from another company saying i needed to replace the whole 3 piece window instead of just the one broken one . after calling desert breeze they gave me a better quote over the phone and could replace just the broken piece.. came out and measured it and within a week had the glass ready to install . was very pleased and will highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't express how disappointed i am with this business . this customer experienced turned out to be a confused mess ! i sent them a picture of what i wanted , i was told that 's what i would receive , then they turned around and said they would n't give me back my money because i ordered a 'customer piece of glass ' . i strongly advise you go to someone else for your glass needs . this shop does not deliver as promised and then they want you to pay double for what you wanted . i wish someone would have yelped about this place so i would not have gone here . now i have this piece of glass on my table that i know is going to break sometime soon because it 's too weak . i just hope none of the kids are injured in the interim !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i did business with them to fix a crack on my windshield ( only the outer layer not the inner safety glass layer ) . they actually called some other guy ( not from their company ) to come and seal the crack for me , which at the time i wasnt worried about , more worried about getting it sealed so it wouldnt expand . well in the end the resin seeped between the two layers of glass and now i have this blurry distorting halo that gets annoying when you drive and see a distorting spot on the windshield . to add onto that branches of the crack , are starting to reappear ! lets hope i dont have to replace my windshield", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had to say from start to finish great painless experience ... thank you beth for her amazing customer service and follow up ... and thank you kevin for the quick , accurate install ... would highly recommend this organization for your auto glass needs ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had my windows tinted by desert breeze and they did an amazing job and were very helpful throughout the process . i would recommend them anytime !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went with this company instead of safelite on a recommendation from my brother because of the `` diamon fusion '' they offer . tech ( sub contracted trinity auto glass ) came to my place of business , completed the windshield install in less than 30min and when i asked about the `` diamon fusion '' he stated he was not told about this and did n't have any of the `` wipes '' to adhere it . contacted desert breeze just after his departure who stated they would take care of it . two days later i 'd heard nothing and contacted them ... .after several calls back to me i was told `` it will be taken care of '' ( same phrase i got the first time ) and scheduled for it to be done on monday 5 1 between 10-2 . monday came and went with no call no show as with each day since . very disappointing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have replaced several windshields for me and my family . they are quick and do a great job . they also worked with my insurance carrier .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had them replace my windshield . the tech arrived on time and was very professional and courteous . i did notice an air leak when i drove it and called them back . they had the tech back out to re-seal it and have had no problems since . very happy with their service and would highly recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company ! i have used them a few times to replace my windshields on my car and ca n't complain . their service tech came out on time and even called to let me know he was on his way . they do it all so give them a call if you want a reliable , honest and competent company that does the job right the first time !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called for some glass to be made for my dads job . kaitlyn is very nice ! she got my quotes in quick and was very patient . she listened and took care of what i wanted .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "what a great group of people . they are friendly and they explain all the options so you can make an informed decision . i have used their services twice in the past two years for window chips and recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing customer service . no wonder state farm recommended them . kevin did an awesome job .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am an insurance agent , and i send all my glass repair replacements to desert breeze glass ! i have never had an issue with them except positive ones ! when my clients contact me after their appointment and tell me how great and nice and prompt desert breeze glass was , that 's all i need to know to keep sending them all my work .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend desert breeze glass . i have used them for the past 4 years for repairs on my auto glass and also window tint at my business . the staff has always been super nice and done great quality work ! desert breeze is the only glass company i use because i know they will get the job done right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got `` self '' locked out of my new house one morning and did n't have any way to get back in or neighbors to go to try and call a locksmith . i had to break one of my windows in order to get back in to the house . i called desert breeze glass and they were really nice and sympathetic . cory came right away and took the measurements . told me it could be 5 days before it was ready , but it was ready much sooner . i had to schedule for the following monday , and cory actually got there early . not only did he remove the broken window and replace it very quickly , he also cleaned up my broken mess outside the house . it was his last day with desert breeze , and he 's moving on to apache glass . i would definitely follow him there if i ever need another window replacement , but hope i do n't ! ! thanks cory to all you did for me ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i thought i needed some of our windows repaired . steven and mariah promptly showed for our evaluation appointment . they were friendly and nice . as i started showing my `` problem '' windows to them , they candidly told me that my windows were in great working order and that my `` problems '' were really areas that aesthetically could be improved . in other words , none of the problems i noticed lowered the functioning of our windows . steven and mariah are so honest and straight forward ! they offered me the choice of repairing my windows to improve the aesthetics or not . how often do you find such honesty ? ! ! ! this was an amazing experience - so much so that it caused me to write this review . if you need a window company , then i strongly recommend you contact desert breeze glass .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "desert breeze glass is well named . it was a breeze to get my windshield replaced . their service representative was efficient , quickly setting up a 3-way call with our insurance company . their friendly technician arrived on time and did a great job . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you know when you make one phone call , the scheduler is customer friendly , and you both wish each other a great day.. then jarrell comes right inside your very own garage and replaces your cracked windshield for a perfect clean spotless windshield . you just have to give him an ice cream bar ... cat you have a great crew . thank you for the flawless experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i put off having my windshield replaced because i did n't want to deal with the hassle . when i got a crack across the whole windshield of a second vehicle , i could n't put it off anymore . i called desert breeze and they took care of everything in a professional and friendly manner . it took less than 10 minutes of my time to have both windshields replaced by rob . he called me to let me know he was on his way and showed up when promised . the next time i need glass i know i will call desert breeze .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing company with all kinds of glass available . i was looking to put some glass on a couple of wood tables i have and , this business has it all . they have glass for all kinds of needs , auto , home windows and french doors , mirrors and showers and the owner and employees are all very helpful . i would recommend them to all of my friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i came to check my balance and pay but there was need since my balance was zero . i was greeted quickly but after checking my balance on their machine i asked if i can get some questions regarding my account . i was answered by the agent saying you can find everything you need online . there was no other customers in the store . i guess this is how all sprint stores operate . even in california . the agents are trained exclusively to sell , everything else including post sale cs is pushed off to the web . this is a impersonal approach to customer service .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i bought the phone from this store ... after having an issue with not being able to text , i drove up there . between the time of day and construction , it took me close to an hour . then i waited for like 5 minutes ( not bad ) , the kid , who was taking care of someone else , asked if i had a question . yes , why cant i text ? ? ? his answer was `` well , we 're not techs here so you have to go to ridgepark square '' .. seriously ? ? ? ? thank god , i went over to best buy . the at & t guy helped me ! 4 minutes later , i 'm up and running ... to think , i would have drove another 45 minutes for someone to hit 3 buttons , clear out whatever and have it fixed . i would have been even more ticked off . so , the moral of the story is this ... .do n't waste your time going to the sprint store . just go to best buy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow is all i have to say ... about edwin at the sprint store in north olmsted , oh . people like him are the reason i have been with sprint since 2003 . i really needed an honest answer and not someone to beat me over the head with the same ol ' malarkey about what he she thinks i want ! way to go edwin , please someone give him a raise ! i wanted to add 2 new people to my plan ... wanted free phones ... wanted my rebate ... wanted no money out-of-pocket ... got it all ... even addressed , stamped and offered to mail my rebate forms ! ! ! kudos to the sprint team !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they never want to help you at all . you talk to their office who sends you in to see them and they still will not help you . wasted my entire sunday for them not to help me with pricing on my plan when i was looking to renew a new two year contract", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nestled in the the center of downtown concord lies this hidden gem . the authenticity of their philly cheese steaks is fantastic . i can tell that a lot of love is put into making the sandwiches , and i can appreciate someone that wants to keep something their city is known for as authentic as possible . i 'm pretty sure the place is ran by people who are originally from philly . very nice people . i will be back very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cheesesteak i 've had in a long time ! just like the ones you get in philadelphia . highly recommend ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best philly streaks in the south ! ! ! ! good prices and great personality ! food is good sized . and the meatloaf burger ... ..so good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "1st visit , did ok job but left early and charged me 30 % more then the advertised price . 2nd visit , sloppy job , left early 3rd visit ( shame on me ! ) hardly did a thing , left extra early . worst of all , they did not reply to either of my emails .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the maid brigade team at this location continues to deliver strong customer service and consistent cleaning . they have cleaned my residence for over 4 years now . i would recommend them to other people in the valley looking for a valued priced option for their house , or commercial unit , cleaning needs . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am sure most of us have spent a drunken late night at denny 's , my go-to was moon 's over my hammy ( how appropriate ! ) ... now that those drunken fueled college days are over and i am currently attempting this thing called adulting ( it 's way over-rated ! ) the only times you will find me at a denny 's these days are on two occasions , road trips and sunday mornings . they do a solid breakfast - i 'm a simple girl , i usually go with two scrambled eggs , bacon and a pancake . it 's always super yummy ! this particular location is super clean and updated and service is always stellar . now if only they served bloody mary 's and mimosas !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "from the very beginning of our awesome experience here , we were greeted with warm smiles . this dennys is new and my girlfriend and i live right down the street and we wanted to hop on by since we love dennys . we were pleasantly surprised by how put together and modern this classic diner is . everyone has said hi to my girlfriend and i and it seems so genuine ; it 's honestly refreshing . the food comes out and we were blown away ! my chicken tenders and mozzarella sticks were spot on and my girlfriends fries and sandwich were perfect as well . and to top the entire thing off , we were given a complimentary bag of goodies for visiting so early in this dennys opening week . it was an awesome experience and this location has just bought two lifetime customers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! impressive for a denny 's . best one i 've ever gone too . it 's brand new , spotless , modern and retro , the customer service and professionalism was spot on , which is not what i 've come to expect at denny 's but admittedly , that 's always been part of the fun of going there . the food was hot , fresh , and tasty and nicely presented . you can get the mix and match soda pop flavors here . my son had a great strawberry shake . the server was happy to accommodate his request of no eggs , extra french toast . and our late night family is happy to have a 24 hour place to eat that 's not a bar or in a neighborhood where you might get mugged or worse . wish my onion ring portion would have been just a bit larger , not that i need them or anything , but they were really good and i think i only got five .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i saw they were putting in a denny 's at the scottsdale 101 , i could n't wait to check it out . i can honestly say i was n't disappointed . i have been to many denny 's in my life and this one was the most impressive . the inside is beautiful . very open with comfortable booths , bright and tastefully decorated . all the staff was polite and friendly . the service and food was great and they even have a coffee bar where you can walk in and grab a coffee to go . this location is a must try . i look forward to going back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just visited this new denny 's this morning . it 's a much newer , hip , and updated version of what denny 's typically is or was . food came out quick and just as ordered . a definite go to !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i went there this morning for the first time . we are new to the area and were looking for a chain restaurant that we knew . this denny 's look different than all the other denny 's it has a different design . friendly staff no waiting food was hot & fresh i would return . shout out to our waitress heidi", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i might be biased coming back from seattle , wa back to phoenix , az , where there are few places that stay open past midnight , let alone places that will do postmates deliveries that late in the day . i ordered the belgian waffle slam , which is a whole waffle , served with a couple sausage links , eggs cooked to your style of preference , along two strips of bacon . the food is good to the extent of what you 'd expect out of a denny 's . knocked a star because the wifi here is terrible ; the business applies throttling on individual connections despite there only being one customer in the building at the time ( me ) . would not recommend setting up your laptop at this denny 's despite the restaurant being in a good part of town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "why did we ever stop going to denny 's ? i remember going when i was younger and after a night out with friends . we pay three times as much for fancy restaurants that may or may not have an exotic item on the menu and receive lack luster quality . i stopped in last night after going to the movies . i had a delightful meal , with fast , friendly service , prepared exactly as i requested in a clean , quiet , well designed , comfortable restaurant . i sat back and asked myself , why i have not been back in such a long time ? this restaurant needs to be revisited . thank you for reminding me of something i had enjoyed before .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the food was good . the waitress was polite as was the girl that sat us , however , the service was very slow . we were a group of 5 & there were only 2 maybe 3 other tables when we arrived . it took a few minutes to be given a table , several minutes to give our order & even longer to receive our food . we waited at least 5 minutes for someone to come to the front so we could pay . finally when we were ready to reconcile the bill , the manager came , asked how i was , i replied i was fine , i asked him how he was & his reply was , i quote , `` i 'm rushed '' . now i am not a manager of a restaurant but i 'm pretty sure that is one of the first-do n't do this-in restaurants 101 . we will not come back to this location . again , the food was good & the waitress was nice so that is why our visit received 2 stars .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i went back late at night and my server sheree was a delight and i tipped her well . the service was better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my family and i got takeout from this denny 's and service was relatively quick . the food was decent , typical diner food , but it was good for what it was . my only problem with the place was the service because we seemed to have arrived in between the night shift and the morning shift and the waiters seemed to be a bit preoccupied . all in all , it was a generally good experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we are loyal patrons for breakfast here but will never return for dinner after tonight . in fact i am writing this review from the red robin in the same shopping center . my wife ordered chili and onion rings and i ordered spaghetti and meatballs . twenty minutes later they brought her chili and i kid you not , it looked like a bowl of dog food . she sent it back . a few minutes later , the waitress comes by to tell me that the chef said he may not have any meatballs ... .. unbelievably disappointing . marc", "score": "1"}
{"review": "kell was the greatest ! ! ! he has a wonderful personality and made our visit enjoyable and fun", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the restaurant is not terrible , but service can be spotty . the wait time can vary , and every now and then you get a new server that connect a little bit unprofessional . however , there is a regular server i always look for whenever i come into this restaurant . she is what makes it worth coming back every time . sheree , we love you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great new building . service has been ok . hoping they get better as the staff learns the system .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably the nicest looking denny 's i 've been to , ( but it 's new , and in north scottsdale , so it better be ) , but still lacking . the waitresses are all great . but the place is usually dead . and even so , there are always three or four filthy tables waiting to be cleaned . not something you want to look at during your whole time there .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "by far the most modern and nicest denny 's ever ! ! ! recommended highly ! the staff is very nice and the manager was out walking around checking on guests ! it is a great change to all the overpriced restaurants in this area !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been coming to denny 's with my family for years . this denny 's was new and local so we decided to give it a try . this was one of the worst dining experiences of my life . i understand they 're new so i guess there are a lot of kinks to work out . the service was terrible first of all . there were six of us at the table and after we ordered the server only brought food for half of us . it was n't for another thirty minutes the rest of the table got their food . this was inexcusable . by time i got my food half of the table had finished eating . the server had forgotten about half a table . it would be different if the red headed side bunned girl was busy but we were her only table in a nearly empty restaurant . a reason for this is poor training and terrible management . the manger should maybe bring some of the sign flippers inside maybe he should focus on the few customers he has before trying to get new ones .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm a denny 's lover and have been for years . alaya the foto place with friends when we want a cheap filling meal where we can sit and chat for hours . friday night 5 19 17 was my first visit to this location after a less than mediocre visit to sand bar and it did not disappoint . kelly was the server for two of my friends and myself . he has such a fantastic personality and made sure we were taken care of during our visit . he delighted us when he let us know that this location serves alcohol so we were able to get an adult beverage to supplement our midnight breakfast . if you like an interactive experience with your server , i 'd definitely check this location out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend and i come here very often for the cheap prices and decent food . i do have some complaints though . almost every other time when we come to any denny 's , there 's a piece of hair in the food . the people in charge need to have stricter rules on hair nets or something . it 's really unpleasant to pull out a foot long string of hair tangled between lettuce . next , the waitress we had was only managing 3 different tables on this particular day . all three had 3 people or less . she gave us a check that was n't split ( because she did n't bother to ask if we wanted it split or not ) so i asked her to split it . it took about 15 minutes for her to come back and finally give us our checks , even though we had been ready to leave 10 minutes prior to her coming back . we ended up being in there longer than wanted , just because of how our waitress was acting .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ordered banana berry pancakes for take out and they did n't even put bananas on it . i 'm giving two stars instead of one because the employee gave me bananas when i saw it through the lid . but they should have gotten it the first time . why would i order blueberry pancakes ? when i opened the package to eat 1 ) there was no butter 2 ) there was no syrup and 3 ) they gave me a fork and spoon but no knife . why would i eat pancakes , eggs , sausage , or hash brown with a spoon ? that 's ridiculous . i ate my dry syrup-less pancakes with my hands because i could n't cut them . nice , denny 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we have eaten at denny 's in other states before , and when this one opened in arizona we thought it would be good . the restaurant is brand new and very nice - however - the food portions and quality were very bad . my husband 's eggs were burned and had to send them back . we asked for butter not margarine and we got margarine slathered on our toast . also , when we asked to speak to the manager they said that `` these are the portions '' and apologized for the burned breakfast skillet . disappointed . net-net : go to the ihop or village inn if you really want a great quality breakfast : (", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good place for breakfast , not for anything else . disappointed twice . got a chicken sand which once and the bun just completely apart so could n't eat it . thought it was a bad batch of buns . second time we got a burger and the bun fell completely apart again , so did n't eat it . they really need to change that up and surprised if no one else complains about it . service is good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is definitely the nicest denny 's i 've ever visited . there is a little area where you can relax and order coffee . it 's really clean and most of the staff are extremely nice . i ordered the veggie omelette and he had biscuits and gravy . the food was okay and the server was great . the checkout line was moving a little slow due to one of the teenage cashiers checking guests out at a zombie like pace ( i 've never understood why people come to work with horrible attitudes ... just quit ! we did n't get a 'hello ' or a 'thank you ' . ) luckily , the manager stepped up and opened another register .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the coffee 's no gourmet , but our waitress , sheree , the poppin music , and the chicken strips made it worth the midnight trip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the nicest denny 's i 've ever been in . very family and classic retro feel to it . we wanted to stay close to home and have a quick late lunch . the first thing we noticed was our waitress was a little preoccupied . my husband 's hamburger and my tilapia & veggie plate was delicious ! ! his cheeseburger was huge and his fries were all as delicious as they looked ! my tilapia was light and flaky . which made up for the fact are little waitress with glasses was mia ! .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "just ordered food for pickup and bought a build your own grand slam . we can home and they forgot the 2 pancakes that came with it . this time they did n't even give up any syrups as well . very disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's so nice to have denny 's here ! same great coffee and food . service impeccable thanks to maya .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best denny 's that i have been to . the manager is nice and cares about this location . very clean and pleasant with tv 's all around . the all new wait-staff is professional and pleasant . breakfast is great and the fish-n-chips is awesome for those late night drop-ins . i did n't expect such a grand place and everything was made with perfection . i know that if there was ever a problem , i would feel comfortable to say something and they would definitely make it right . everyone is pleasant and a perfect place to gather for those early morning meetings with staff . so glad we have this new breakfast place in n. scottsdale . excellent idea on location and near the highway to jump-start your day or a drop-in for a late-night rootbeer float ... . wootwoot ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "usually have good food and service . not today . waiter had the personality of a turd . i did not feel welcome at any point . food was horrible hash browns were completely soaked in grease and barely browned . my over medium eggs were runny and snotty raw . the country fried steak had a funny taste and the butter wasnt even melted on the toast .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we love parkway . we go here almost every weekend for breakfast . good pancakes , great waffles made with malted batter , large omelets , gyro meat with eggs for those of us who love gyro meat . excellent and attentive wait staff , prompt service , food served hot , restaurant always clean - what 's not to love ? far cheaper than other breakfast places in town , and we always leave happy and full . no , it 's not high-end , gourmet , or romantic - it 's a diner , and one of the best i 've been to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "solid . love this place . simple , straightforward menu with a ton of options . very reasonably priced , and ca n't go wrong whatever you order . the staff are incredibly friendly and consistently on top of their game . my favorite things of this place include the bottomless coffee without having to ask , large portions , and the fact that the staff bring condiments that logically go with food without asking . for example , of you get steak and eggs , the a1 comes without even needing to mention . my favorite thing here is the pork chops and eggs . two large pork chops , perfectly cooked , with two eggs any way , toast and hashbrowns . you also have the option of pancakes and fruit as well . though this place may not seem like much , i will tell you that there actually is a wait during peak times . but , due to the fast service , you wo n't wait too long .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "heard it was great so my boyfriend and i gave it a shot . it 's a perkins kind of diner , but a bit more homey . the service had some room for improvement though . i could see our food sitting on the warmer for several minutes before our waitress brought it to us . ( we were one of 3 tables , it was not busy ) waitstaff seemed more interested in thier phones and gossiping with one another than waiting customers . food was good though . large portion for the price .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is pretty low key . it was n't busy until after we sat down . breakfast all day . this place is like perkins , ihop , and denny 's . lots of choices for breakfast , lunch , and dinner . the service was good but it seemed like they were understaffed once it got busy . they also have tvs and we were able to catch the badgers football game at the time . we will probably come back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "after getting food poisoning from a thai food place in the sf bay area and not eating for the whole day , and with four hours of sleep , the thinly shaved corned beef sandwich hit the spot . nice small town feel joint , not too commercialized ... though i think everyone was weirded out by a couple of asian dudes coming in for dinner . my buddy had the monte cristo , and they deserve at least 4 stars for just having that on the menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "parkway is a great restaurant . it 's been awhile since i 've eaten there but eating there today reminded me what i was missing . good food and fast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic potato pancakes and pecan waffles terrible sausage and toast ( yes i said toast ) the sausage was odd tasting and burnt and the toast was burnt as well . the service was poor , waitress was rude . the water tasted kinda like a sewer-weird yes-i know i am going to end this review on a positive note . i can not tell you how amazing the potato pancakes were- just like grandma used to make ! the pecan waffles were probably the best waffles i have ever had .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love parkway ! i 've been eating here for years now and i 've never once had a bad experience . the food is average diner quality done right and served in giant portions . the menu is large and suits all tastes . best breakfasts ever ! ! fantastic value and always delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "grilled cod with a gorgeous salad . i can eat out and still eat lo carb and healthy . this is delicious ! so flavorful and beautiful . i love this place . i 've been a customer for many many years . whatever my latest food plan ... they always have something for me to enjoy . my kid loves the pancakes . my fianc\u00e9e loves the hash browns and fish fry . my dog loves the plentiful leftovers . the portions are big . the prices are low . 5. stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have yet to receive bad food or bad service here . everything is always exactly as i order it , and it 's beautiful . so , yeah , it 's diner fare . some people are n't in to that and they 're welcome to their wrong opinion . things of note : you get an obscene amount of mozzarella sticks as an appetizer . no , really , you get at least 10 and they 're the awesome breaded fat one . the portions of their food in general is huge . you will not leave hungry . their prices are awesome . those mozzarella sticks ? $ 8.99 their severs are always super nice and very attentive , even when they 're packed . breakfast is great and their burgers are amazing . they do an all you can eat fish fry on fridays , and you can either get perch or cod . the too long did n't read version of this is you should eat here . it 's a nice family owned place , and i ca n't recommend them enough .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service with food for a family restaurant . you get a ton of food for what you pay for , a great deal . i 've been there a bunch and have enjoyed everything i 've had off their diverse menu . highly recommend for good affordable food with great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here on a sunday with my husband . no wait , got seated right away . we both got the sausage scramble . it was pretty good , on par with denny 's or village inn . however , the pancakes tasted stale , like they had been sitting in the window all day . and the coffee tasted like it was brewed with lake water or something . just absolutely awful . bathrooms are clean . but i would not return .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been to this place many times and the best i can say about the food it is better than average for a diner . what gives parkway four and almost five stars is that the quality of service is well above average for a diner and the res truant is obsessively clean . i am always happy here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am never disappointed with the quality service i get at the parkway . the staff is wonderful . they feed you well and it is alway delicious . no matter how busy they are i have never waited more then 15 minutes for food . i would recommend the parkway to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was not bad . i went for breakfast and found the price to be right . the portions are awesome and they came around with refills so frequently , i could n't tell how many cups i had . the breakfast meals we got were under $ 11 . top sirloin , eggs , hash browns and pancakes - $ 10.99 . country fried steak , eggs , hash brown and pancakes - $ 8.99 . i actually really enjoyed their pancakes most . they were super fluffy , moist and flavor . i 'll probably come back and try their other options .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "geeat service . plenty of parking . the food was n't great but ok , as expected from a diner .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i had liver & onions with hash browns and a tossed salad . everything was excellent !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is actually a great place to eat ! definitely a family atmosphere as the wait staff acknowledges repeat customers and there are always familiar faces eating there indicating to me a good repeat business . the food is very good , the portions very generous and the wait staff very efficient . and the prices are very reasonable too . we have always had good dining experiences here and have recommended it to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ate here once and got confused because i thought it was perkins , the sign looks almost the same and theyre right across the street . all the food was a bit bland even for typical diner food the staff was friendly enough though and their pie was a little bland but hit the spot . overall ca n't complain but can not this over anywhere else . if you want diner food and want to support your local restaurant and this place is a better alternative to perkins or dennys . if you do n't mind driving a bit further monty 's blue plate or just search on yelp for other local diners you will get a four or five star experience from the food itself .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "ordered a delicious philly cheesesteak for lunch a couple of months ago . it was very good and hot !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food , excellent service and awesome time ! ! ! very homey and down to earth ! awesome food serving size and follow up with great people ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been coming here for years . great food with generous portions at a reasonable price . breakfast is sold all day and it 's too good to pass up . on top of it all the staff is friendly and efficient . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fist time there . did a google search on nearby resturants and we are not from area . this resturant received a good rating . after going there we now know why . 5 start service and 5 star food . your typical family restaurant , and we felt like family the second we walked in . tracy out waitress hats off to you . you deserve to win the lottery with your kind heart you made us laugh and feel like we had been coming there for years . i had a salad and sandwich husband had salad and soup i 've never seen bigger dumplings in a restaurant soup he said very good . we will for sure go back and highly recommend to everyone ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is pretty typical across the board . typical food , typical straight-forward service . lots of coffee refills for me , no water refills for my so . the menu was huge and the food was reasonably priced . there was some confusion on whether we were to just sit down or wait to be seated . overall , everything was `` okay . '' average . nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i ordered the hercules special . it was a lot of food and all quite good . my wife had the eggs benedict and she thoroughly enjoyed it . great hollandaise sauce . we got free oj with our meals , which was a great perk . the place is very quaint , food came out quickly . the inside decor needs some work , but it a nice little place if you can look past that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "was looking for a non chain restaurant for breakfast while visiting fitchburg area . this restaurant is great ! ! ! huge menu matches the huge portions ! ! ! reasonably priced , service is fast . highly recommend . you see the same regulars there every morning- sign of a good place ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got a delivery from here tonight . really wish could give it no stars and had read reviews first . firstly to get delivery you need to order over 40 dollars worth , which is a bit annoying . but liked the sound of the food , a lot of turkish veggi food . we ordered the fried egg plant dinner plate ( comes with rice potatoes salad and pita ) and a lamb ottoman gyro . also got hummus as side . it 's honestly the first meal i and my husband have ever had that neither of us could eat any of it . it was absolutely terrible , ever single bit . nothing was edible- i honestly do n't know how they could even cook rice and potatoes . egg plant was a mush of eggplant and onions , salted beyond recognition . lamb must have been cooked a week ago . and you could have drank the hummus . been to turkey and greece plenty of times and i 'm sure both countries would be disgusted this place claims to cook their food . strongly advise no one ever eats here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am sorry but this place is a joke . they should remove `` doner '' from there name . i have had real doner before and this place is not even close", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i had the halifax style donair and my friend had the ottoman doner with they put fries inside . they also sell greek food . you 'll try once and your hooked : ) ) ) finally something other than asian food . they open around11:00am and close at 2:30 am i love this place : ) ) ) ) )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was one of the worst greek restaurants i 've ever ordered from . the wrap was tasteless , the chicken souvlaki was dry and unedible , and the side salad came with yellow lettuce , one olive , one sliver of onion , one tomato slice , and a square of feta . i will never order from here again . a waste of money .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the worst shawarma place in the city . the pita is dry , nothing stays in the wrap , and the salad is just a pile of old lettuce . went here twice , the second time i came to give it a second chance after the first time was terrible but they were awful 2 times . do n't waste your time or money on this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "$ 5 lunch special . i was hoping my shawarma would be better . it tasted ok , but missing some of the usual depth of flavour . the tahini sauce was lacking , or some kind of sauce that would compliment the chicken and tomatoes . usually the first bite does n't have much for sauce and as you bite further in , that 's when the action begins with the last bite a sensory delight when the yin yang of spicy hot sauce and garlic come together . this time , the sloppiness did n't happen and that 's what shawarma is all about . along with dryer than normal meat , i was n't too impressed .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i popped into this place on a sunny afternoon and it was empty . i paid at least $ 8.00 ( i tipped ! ) for chicken on a greek salad . waving a cheery goodbye , i ran home , my mouth watering with the expectation of a flavorful dinner . i opened the box . i found three bites of chicken . three bites of chicken ? i poked around . yep , three bites . a little stingy , but it must be amazing , i reasoned . i chewed . the chicken was dry ! $ 8.00 ? for three pieces of chicken ? dry chicken ? no . there is good greek food to be had in this neighborhood . from now on i will go ( and recommend ! ) elsewhere .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "me and my friend went there on monday and my friend has the chicken kabob dinner . i ordered a side of fries and me and friend shared her dish . that same night , we both got so sick with symptoms like painful stomach ache , throwing up and diarrhea . today , i called the owner and told them politely to tell them to check their inventory to make sure it is fresh so that other people can not get sick . i talked to both a girl and a guy and they were both so rude ! ! they practically yelled at me and told me not to tell them how to run their business . i 'm never eating there again ! to everyone who lives around that area , be careful and do n't go there ... unless you might want to miss out on work and spend 3 days in bed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "terrible . ordered delivery from here , everything was pretty bad . hummus was the worst ive ever had . delivery took 90mins.. never again..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little update . the music selection actually looks like it is starting to hit its stride . this month has 3 local great bands : what laura says , black carl and sugar theives all playing a bunch of times . it looks like weds nights are a great night for sail .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sail inn returns . every once in awhile , a step `` backwards '' is actually a step in the right direction . tempe just took a big step backwards , back towards a decent live music scene again . downtown still has a long way to go , but man-oh-man the new and improved sail inn is better than ever . as for upgrades since the grand re-opening , the venue still has the indoor outdoor stages , and they polished most of the edges without losing any character . weekend crowds are strong and a great mix of live-music lovers , and the groups sound super-tight , especially under the back-patio band shell . keep this one going strong , tempe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yeah 100th review ! ! ! ! saved this one for 100 because it is special me thinks . if you are not a music lover , or are disgusted by hippies and people who enjoy live music you will hate this place . i love it . it is really great to see bands that can rip on their instruments you do n't see too many bands here with guys who play shitty . nice outdoor patio and usually people are pretty friendly at least when they stop spinning and twirling . anyway , the place is not for everyone.. but i think it is one of the most needed and essential live music venues in phoenix and the whole valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love sail inn ! getting past the $ 8-10 cover on weekends is the hard part , but usually sail delivers , 1 ) amazing local bands , 2 ) laid back hippie , hipster , arty , folk vibe 2 ) cheap drinks , love the little pitchers of beer - budlite for $ 4.25 on certain nights . phoenix has a pretty lame music scene , but at least at sail inn you can always find decent live music and a fun crowd .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yes , sail inn rocks . good drink prices , fine sound , friendly to local music players ( i played last weekend ) , and good outdoor spaces to talk . ca n't wait to see a big show on their patio . here 's a picture from the inside . http : www.flickr.com photos dfactor 3284686119", "score": "4"}
{"review": "one of the best live music venues in az . my band , psychedelic mooj , plays there often . i 've got ta say , it 's a great place to play . the crowds are great , the drinks are cheap and the good music vibes are omnipresent . i 'm glad the sail inn is back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dive bar with decent drink prices and bands . i like the large outdoor patio and they usually have some interesting art music events . i normally avoid this place because they always have a cover charge . sometimes i just wan na stop in for a drink and not commit to the whole evening . all in all a great spot if you 're looking to listen to some good local music and do n't wan na spend another night at casey 's or yucca .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this spot is the place to go for rock music in tempe , az . i played a show here , and let me tell you , the staff is awesome , kind , and really rally care about music . the sound man for the night was a fellow by the name of joker , who dod a superb and professional job on manning the sound that night . he mic 'd up all of the drum set , guitar amp , bass di plus amp , and mic 'd the key board amp and did not insist on di'ng the keyboard amp like so many sound men do . the sound on stage was clear , defined and flat out ballsy , so i know it sounded great in the house system , because the `` stage '' sound can be a lil lo fi garage-ish sounding compared to what the crowd hears . the bar itself is very cool , and the drinks are nice and mature if you know what i mean . check this place out , especially when i play it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "used to go there in the 80 's when they played blues . i loved cold shot and the hurricane horns . always a good peaceful crowd and never saw any fights . good food and cheap drinks , although a little off the beaten path . just do n't do much clubbing since they clamped down on dui 's . do n't know what its like now .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is downright awful . i 've never understood the dive bar , would it hurt to make a place look nice and not gross and creepy ? it would n't cost that much . the layout was terrible , the entrance is right next to the stage and there 's barely any room in front of the stage . what shocked me the most is that it was rated phoenix 's best venue last year . i 'm sorry phoenix , but if this is the best you have to offer , you need some new venues .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so i 've been here now twice . both for live local music shows . the radio show 93.9 a local indie station has put on some epic shows here . this place is part inside , partly outside . so stages in and out . kinda has a mexico vibe to it , reminded me of rocky point . the bar inside is cement and kinda beat it but whatever , i 'm here for live music , nothing else . drinks are cheap but for some reason i always have a sorta expensive tab , ah funny how that works . cool place for some live music , in particularly local live music . check it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the staff is so nice ! some friends of mine threw an art and music thing there a few days ago and we had a blast . the place is laid out nice , it has 2 stages and ample smoking patio space with misters and seating ! ( thats getting harder and harder to find ) . its really mellow , the decor is cool , the staff is awesome , and its nice and dark inside with a nice lounge area . its also not your typically over priced tempe bar and you wont find throngs of college idiots shitfaced acting a fool . always a plus in my book .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really awful experience at the sail inn . they charged $ 10 dollars at the door because there was live music but the band was not good at all . the bartenders were extremely rude and unfriendly . i would recommend going to almost any other bar in tempe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "love this place ! it 's really fun and laid back , and is excellent for live music . if you can catch the think horses or the sugar thieves playing , all the better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great dive bar in tempe ! i 'd be hitting this place up much more if i lived in se valley . live music and games for all to play . i feel very comfortable here . do not come here for a view , quiet ambience , etc . come here to rock out drink , or do a sunday funday day drink here . they are n't consistent with charging cover either . that 's okay though - more generous tipping later ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "saw a great show here , fun chill vibe , and seems like they always have bands coming through . drink prices are great . feels a world away from mill , and this in a very , very good way . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place really ai n't my bag when it comes to the entertainment and crowd it attracts , but seriously ... 4 freakin ' stars for the best bathrooms patio stage bar . very nice and from what i remember , clean .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sad to see this place is closing down and moving to a different location . super fun and chill spot . enjoyed seeing spafford here . definitely not for everyone , but it 's a great venue with good beer , good music , and good people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was my first time in the bar so i was n't sure what this place was all about . went to go see a local band play there and when i asked a bartender for a menu , she walked away . it was sunday night , so maybe they do n't serve food on sunday nights , but walking away seems like an extreme reaction . they had the tv 's running while the band was playing which i found pretty rude . an mma fight no less ... the locals at the bar seem pretty cool , but the place could use some management .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "fun little concert venue with indoor and outdoor stages . they have hop knot on tap which makes me happy . would not ever have a mixed drink there again however ... there is something really off in the flavor of their fountain soda .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "cowabunga dudes , can you smell dive well this place has got it even a bridge and rail road traks . if you are not a hippie , and you do not like dancing to the dead . then this is not you 're kinda place . when was the last time you danced to `` althea '' ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had a good time here last night . i did n't like having to shell out 10 bucks for cover , but my buddy was showing some art , and i wanted to see it . this place was packed with an eclectic crowd . it was good to see hippy chicks on acid mingling with jaw clenching metal heads , and e-tard ravers . seriously..everyone was on drugs here . even the bartender was spigacked out of her mind . drinks were reasonable , so that made up for the cover charge . met some nice people . heard some good beats inside . laughed at the band outside covering war pigs ( not because it was bad , i just did n't expect it . )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place to see a live show . lagunitas ipa on draft . is there anything else ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have seen so many awesome musical acts at this place i can not even count . sadly the sail inn is closing down this summer ( 2014 ) , so this review probably wo n't do a whole lot of good . this place is ( was ) a tempe icon , and i am definitely bummed to see it go . sail inn has both indoor and outdoor stages and when fireworks are going off at tempe town lake or sundevil stadium , you ca n't find a better spot to have a beer and watch the spectacle . with two stages , sail inn was ideal for mini-festivals ... .many a reggae shows blessed their stages . i ca n't even remember how many times i 've watched tempe 's godfather of reggae , walt richardson laying down some funky reggae at the sail inn , then sat and enjoyed a beer with the local legend afterwards . the closing of the sail inn in tempe is going to create a vacuum that i can not see any other venue in the area filling any time soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great venue and the staff is awesome . its kind of hidden but the drink special are worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place annoys me so bad ... it has potential to be a decent place , if it werent for a few major problems . first , they charge a cover like every single night ... ( and as someone else said in a review , im pretty sure the doorman probably just pockets the money anyways ... ) . secondly , their bartenders are terrible ... if you can get them to stop bs'ing with each other or some drunk old hippie for long enough to order a drink , its like you just asked them for a kidney . they all look like they just had a meth party before work and havent eaten in a few weeks . they dont have any food or tv 's so if you arent going for the music , forget it . i can walk to this bar in less than 5 mins from where i live , and still have it on the bottom of my list of places to get a drink .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "perfect venue for local live music without the festival feel . every final friday of the month always provides an eclectic mix of art , music and people . nice getaway from the pretentious hipsters and drunken freshman . bartenders are a bit prickly , but you learn how to be patient . this place does not serve food , only on final fridays when the bbq is set up by a vendor . never a dress code and plenty of free street parking if you do n't mind taking a little stroll . experience the sail inn before it closes for good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a tempe staple for great live music . two stages , both indoor and outdoor make this a great place for events with multiple bands . nice staff , stiff drinks and a lot of cool people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dear bill griffin : i have photos from each time your 'technicians ' cleaned the pool . if you 'd like , i can post them ? you should also stick with the facts that concern you . i 've used the same water hauling company for years - never with any issues - nor did i need to reverse any charges to them . they provided their service as promised . you should be glad i have n't filed a claim against your contractor 's license for the cost of the 40,000 gallons of water that leaked into the desert because one of your 'technicians ' twice pushed the auto-leveler to a position where it constantly ran - overflowing the trough on the negative edge . or i could post the voicemail that you left me that was nothing short of being personally derogatory . bottom line ? your company provides poor service and even worse customer service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "among all the issues we had with this company , the most disappointing was mr. griffin 's response to our request to complete the project . somewhat of a pay me first and i will be done with you when i am ready to attitude . my thought was that mr. griffin could have just picked up the final payment when the job was complete . turns out that mr. griffin actually owed us money . no apology , no rush , no thank you for spending 30k with my company ... no way i would recommend this company to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i read the harsh complaints from previous customers so i looked on the arizona register of contractors records website . it is a shame that yelp offers little defense against unsubstantiated complaints . money 's worth pools has an unblemished record of zero complaints since they have been in business ... good job bill & richard ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "money 's worth put in our pool a little over a year ago and we were more than satisfied with the quality , service , and price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "absolutely love the pool that money 's worth built us ! as with many other customers we were more than ready to have our pool finished . but patience was a virtue and the pool was completed right on time ! thanks bill and richard ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome curried pad thai . just 4 stars because the service was kind of slow , and it 's not quite a high end restaurant . nevertheless , stop here if you need thai eats and do n't mind chilling for 25 minutes before you get your simple dish .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "not too many vietnamese restaurants i been to has such a good selections of banh cuon . i have this thing for banh cuon ( vietnamese steamed rice roll ) . when i saw it on com tam dao vien 's menu , i know right away i need to order that . banh cuon cha lua ( $ 5.50 ) which i intended to have as a snack was massive . i can finish that but i felt so stuffed after i washed down the whole plate with the iced cold jasmine tea ... ... ... i left the restaurant full and happy without paying an arm and a leg ...", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i like this place . i remember there used to just be the asian grocery and pho dau bo here . anyways , yes i think this place is good . yes , i think you should come here to eat . my family likes to eat here . i think their banh hoi nem nuong with fried shrimp is very very good , sorry if my spelling is wrong , and good luck finding it in the menu ! lalala~", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the service is very prompt and friendly . i enjoy this location before the beef stew noodle is greater quality that other peach garden locations i tried . i definitely recommend the beef stew noodle and is my all time favourite !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this has become a regular lunch spot for my family . their salad rolls are made how they 're supposed to be made with pork , shrimp and the right greens and noodles . their ph ga is almost comparable to ph tien thanh on ossington . i enjoy most of their dishes . the bun bo hue is quite good . they make their drinks promptly , which seems to be an issue with some of the other viet places . they have a very large menu so there 's lots to choose from .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i purposely came here to take advantage of the bun rieu . there are n't many places in toronto that can master this succulent meal and this place pretty much had it the closest . the restaurant is pretty much the same as any other viet restaurant and mix in the area where it 's located makes it even more authentic . the restaurant is fairly clean and has enough space to hold a mass amount of people . their pho is pretty fresh and the broth is smooth . you do n't get that thirsty feeling from the thousand ounces of msg so that 's good . it 's not too salty , fatty and too little . the portion size is fair and the price shows it too . definitely a must go but do n't expect too much as it is definitely what you pay for .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we having been coming here for years and the food quality is top notch . our favorites are the cajun lamb lollipops , meatballs , lobster bisque full of chunks of lobster meat , any of the steaks and the chilean sea bass . if you are looking for a quant little restaurant with fine dining you have found it . chef and owner keith personally visits every table . we have had megan for our server and she is always so personable and friendly . drinks are well worth the price and bartender joe will pretty much make any drink you ask for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "almost a 5 star.. a 5 is perfect . it 's close . great ambiance , killer martinis , melt in the mouth fillet ( blue cheese encrusted medallions ) , impeccable service . great date night for the `` mature '' set ! price is appropriate to the quality .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this restaurant is the standard to which we hold all others . we have eaten here several times and every single time have had courteous service and amazing food . on several occasions the owner himself has verified that our meals were top notch . the menu is slightly pricey for the area but well worth every penny . keep up the good work ! we will have to try half price sushi and martini night one thursday !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a gem ! i give it 5 stars for its superior food quality and awesome service . all of the servers and bartenders are extremely friendly and fun . they are informed of all of their dishes . the chef is personable and comes to see how things were . the food is awesome . the scallops are my favorite dish ! he can sometimes create things on the fly if you have a special need ! great great place ! right up the road from my house . it has a neighborhood feel with an ellegant touch ! go ! you will not be let down !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have eaten here many times , and the food is consistently excellent . the yummy yummy shrimp appetizer is exactly what it claims ! the wedge salad is fresh , crisp , and awesome . the menu changes a bit , seasonally , but whatever is on the menu is always very good . service is friendly and efficient . we have never gotten a below average meal at this establishment , and every time we have had a meal , chef comes out to see how we liked the meal . nice touch ! .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most may find it fine ... .i found it lacking . the food was a great attempt at something that wanted to be farm to table -- but it seems like a close knock off . not terribly seasoned and not terribly inventive . clearly they are trying very hard and want to serve the community , and perhaps it was just an off night . i would try it again to give it a shot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have always had really great food here , but the other night i had the pan seared sea bass with a thai-coconut sauce . it was nothing short of amazing . they were also really wonderful about accommodating my vegan dining companion . the blueberry mojito was delicious . every time i have been there , the chef owner has stopped by to say hello and check on us . this is what going out to eat is all about . great service and wonderful food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a gem in painesville . i loved my meal , and the service was amazing . i do n't know why this place is n't packed 24 7 . it was a little pricey but well worth it . i had the veal special , and it was fantastic . my boyfriend had a steak that as perfectly cooked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i would recommend this place to everyone ! the staff is very accommodating and friendly . we ordered from their sushi selection and we were highly impressed ! we definitely will be going again !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , stiff drinks , friendly service . excellent experience for our first time . we will definitely be back ! special thanks to julie for her hospitality as our waitress .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such an awesome little place . the food is always good , dessert is amazing and the ambiance is nice too ! a little pricey but i do n't mind paying for an expensive meal once in a while if the food is great . we come here a few times a year and are always satisfied when we leave !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ca n't believe this place has been around and we did n't know about it . great service , drinks and foods . we will be regulars ... . : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is awesome . i have had dinner here a few times and each time i have been blown away . the food is incredible , the decor is great and the service has always been more than solid . i have even been for a work outing , with different finger foods , and those were all amazing as well . definitely give this place a try , you will be happy you took the chance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my fiancee is gluten dairy free and the kitchen did a great job making a special dish for her that was fantastic . i had the stuffed grouper and it was awesome !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very good salads , pastas , and meat dishes ! quaint and swanky , especially for painesville .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "12 13 13 we had our xmas party at bistro 70 and it was truly a great time . the food was fantastic including the lollipop lamb and yummy shrimp and duck fat fries ! ! we love this place . the food and drinks and the staff are all excellent .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , and great martinis , a real gem in painesville", "score": "5"}
{"review": "visiting from ca . outstanding food and service ! try taco tuesday . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my god son there for his 24th birthday . what a wonderful meal . started with a nice glass of wine and a bloody mary wedge salads to follow with bread and dipping oil with shredded asaiagio . he had the special veal picatta with feta cheese and kalamata olives . i enjoyed the flank steak with a blue cheese butter and we both had the roasted red pepper risotto . we wrapped it up with a trio of cake pops and a birthday candle . the only thing missing were more diners to enjoy the surprise hidden in the middle of painesville city . it is a quick 25 minute drive from cleveland or the east burbs . the wait staff were very friendly and accommodating and the owner stopped by our table to chat and make sure we were enjoying ourselves . price point was very good and left with smiles on our faces .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "10 of us dined here a few weeks ago and were delighted with the food and service . great drinks , great food , and excellent service . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this food was delicious . i travel a lot and recently spent time in rhode island , but this place certainly had the best lobster mac and cheese i 've ever had . go here just for that . it 's a small place , the atmosphere is very nice , and my server lindsay did a fantastic job . i will make it a point to stop here when i am in town again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "totally surprised . we found this place almost by accident and had a wonderful meal . great service . cool place . will definitely try to get back here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this was by far the best dinner i had the whole week while here on business . the atmosphere was great , the food fantastic , and the service was a step above . katie was our waitress and they featured her homemade desert , strawberry shortcake and it was wonderful . ca n't go wrong at this place ! ! highly recommend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i travelled from washington d.c. up to visit my old stomping grounds and on new years eve , i needed a last minute reservation for dinner for 2 . i came to yelp to find something in the area and they were highly recommended . the service was great , the staff was friendly , the food was amazing . give it a try . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so delicious ! highly recommend tuna appetizer ! server tammy was very friendly & helpful . thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all around.-very deliciousthe waitress was amazing and so compliant . quaint little upscale place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is about comcast xfinity customer service overall , not the urbana service center ! we recently moved , and used the xfinity movers edge . not only did we have the worst service trying to get our service moved form one house to the other , we had even worse service , and i did n't think that was possible , after they buried our cable and damaged the wire and we lost our cable and internet service . i spent hours on the phone on the `` customer service '' line , without any real help . i was hung up on 4 different times , promised 6 call backs that never came , and even sighed at and mocked on a call , in which i found out was a service center in bogota , columbia . rating the comcast customer service with one star is honestly even too high as far as i 'm concerned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awe , i hate that out of all of the people that shop at this cvs the only people that reviewed were negative . i have lived in this neighborhood for 3 years and have frequently shopped at this cvs and have had a wonderful experience every time . the staff is so friendly and welcoming . a really sweet woman on the day shift remembers me from when she developed my wedding photos . the man on the night shift is so awesome ! him and i talk about the weather 'back home ' in the midwest every time i 'm in the store . i love that they remember me here . i get the warm and fuzzy a every time i shop here . the employees are just good people .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible , i will never go there ever again . i went on saturday to fill a prescription , card for expensive med would n't go through , but somehow did before . he told me he would call me the next day but when i did n't hear from him , i called monday . the girl that answered the phone was nice but the pharmacist was horrid . he told me that he has to fill `` all the people going away on vacation '' before he can take care of mine . seriously ? how dare you treat me like that . i have health insurance and pay for my medicine but because of vacations i have to wait ? i am telling everyone about this pharmacy . i quit going to target when cvs took over .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the only downfall to this place , is if you tell me a prescription will be ready at a certain time , and i come 30 min later , please make sure it is indeed ready on time .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "like a normal human being , stopped at a cvs to purchase a product ... misplaced my receipt , product was n't what i needed . i went to this cvs , and my exchange was denied . tara m.o.d said i had to go back to the cvs i purchased it from . all i wanted was an exchange ... was n't asking for money back . it was a real inconvenience since the cvs i purchased it from was out of my range . luckily i went to another near by cvs from this location and they were able to give me an exchange no questions asked . how can someone be a mananger if they do n't know their own policy ? ! very unprofessional !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since they are `` on the clock '' and getting paid , your time does n't matter ! i do n't care if you 're buying a greeting card or having a prescription filled - you will have to wait , and wait , and wait ! if you need to practice patience , start somewhere else . this place is like the stanley cup without benefit of a stick !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "been going to this cvs for some time and its always been great . if you ask for they be more than help you with your needs . i go pick up my prescriptions with the pharmacy who are very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oops ! the worst pharmacy service we have ever experienced . we had to transfer our prescriptions from ga and were told to wait for 30 minutes . understandable . but when we went back to get the order , we were given someone else 's medication ! sean was goofy and did not seem to know what he was doing . we will find another pharmacy to fill our needs while visiting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this cvs has a really good rx . we are such regulars , they usually know us by name .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this pharmacy used to be really good , but the past few months have been horrible ! i even complained to ryan who 's the pharmacy manager , but he does n't seem to really care about customer service . i spoke to the pharmacy staff by phone confirming that my prescriptions will be ready , but when i actually go there to pick them up , they are n't ready . it 's a hassle to go there several times due to their error . today i picked up my prescriptions after they said it would be ready and again , there was one missing . when i got home , i realized the wrong prescription strength was given to me . wth ? please double-check your meds to make sure you 're getting the correct prescription and the correct quantity . i 've had experience with getting the wrong quantity before .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been going to this cvs pharmacy for 13 years , until recently . i was sad to part from them but i had no other choice . the staff morale has severely declined over the past year . it has been a very long time since i have gone here and actually been greeted kindly and with a smile . the staff is very rude and acts bothered every time i needed help . i was so sick of being treated like a burden for simply asking them to do their job and fill my prescription . i hope for the sake of all current and future customers of the pharmacy that they change their staff and build up morale again , but for now , i have no interest in ever returning .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a cvs . convenient to work to get our prescriptions . also , sometimes they carry the pepsi throwback . and when pepsi is on sale , so is the throwback ! other than that , a pretty typical drug store . usual assortment of over-the-counter remedies , first aid supplies , cosmetics , and a few foods . nothing extraordinary .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "typical cvs layout . they have everything you need and it 's pretty affordable . some of the staff has great customer service skills and others need to improve .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "purchased a tan for my girlfriend . she loved it and booking with victoria was quick and easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first spray tan experience . all i have to say is victoria is amazing and does a great job ! she picked the best color for me and it look totally natural . i would recommend her any day ! thank you so much victoria for all your advice ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "victoria was amazing ! she makes you feel so comfortable and gives the best color ! love her !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love my tan . vuxkie is the best in town . i 've tried tons of spray tan places and she has been the best . my tan is beautiful love love love", "score": "5"}
{"review": "highly recommend going to vickie to get your natural spray tan ! she was very knowledgable about the products she uses and she is super friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just found and used this company for the first time yesterday . i have had unpleasant experiences before with 2 other companies so it felt risky to be going to them just before a shoot . but - i requested the groupon rate and am so delighted with the results ! great price , great service and catered to my last-minute requests so that picture day today could be a bronzy success . photographer had no idea : d thank you victoria ! ! p.s . card , cash , or apple pay", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was my first experience getting a spray tan . victoria made me feel super comfortable and thoroughly explained every step and aftercare . there was no smell and my color is so natural all my friends thought i 'd been on vacation !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for my first ever spray tan and the experience was nothing less than excellent . victoria is amazing ! she is very nice and professional . i never felt uncomfortable during the process . i will definitely be back to see her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love this place ! ! ! victoria is the best , she is so sweet and nice , i love coming here", "score": "5"}
{"review": "victoria made me feel super comfortable- this was a last minute request as we were driving in to vegas- she accommodated us so that we could look nice and tan for the weekend ! my favorite motto is tan fat looks a heck of a lot better than white fat . she was awesome and we rocked it last weekend at the clubs : ) thank you victoria !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy i yelped and found victoria . i followed her directions to exfoliate before i came in and not wear any products like lotion , sunscreen or deodorant . i felt super comfortable and like i was in good hands , i have little to no experience with spray tanning . i decided not to have my face sprayed and am happy with my decision although , i think it would have been fine to . my tan came out absolutely gorgeous and natural looking . i felt like a total goddess .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i originally found organic bliss on groupon . after much research and instagram stalking i found that victoria had sprayed one of my good friends so i reached out to her for feedback . i am a spray tanning snob so when she said she was fabulous i gave victoria a shot ... boy am i happy i did ! ! ! i now am a weekly client of obt and will never ever go anywhere else . my spray tans have always had mistake areas , not when victoria sprays me . seriously , whether you are a first time spray tanner or veteran , go see her ! you will not be disappointed . i promise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been booth spray tanning for quite some time . i 'm in an upcoming wedding and wanted a more complete all over spray tan . this spray tan is by far the best i have ever had ... .. victoria is amazing no streaking , no running , i was n't that crazy orange at all . i will be her client forever . she is so worth the money . her room is super clean and she is so professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "victoria was great ! had a trip to san diego and at the last minute decided to get a spray tan for the first time . she made me feel comfortable and explained every step .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got my spray tan with victoria and she does a really good job trying to make sure that you get the right color that you want and making sure that you do n't turn orange . looks super natural and sexy ; ) ! she was also super accommodating with my schedule which is really nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "victoria was amazing . this was my first time ever getting a spray tan and she took the time to explain everything and give me instructions for after the tan and how to prolong the tan . it looks so natural . no ugly orange look and it also smells pleasant . will definitely be going back especially before my wedding . thank you victoria .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing tan , always golden brown , no streak , no orange or yellow undertone .. victoria is amazing friendly helpful professional lady .. skin feels smooth no sticky feeling .. outstanding service", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually get sprayed by a machine and wanted to try getting sprayed by a person . i found organic bliss through facebook and decided to try it . i 'm glad i did , when she was done i did n't feel sticky , and it did n't smell like the tanning solution usually does . it was even and not orange . the girl was very nice and accomodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i ca n't even explain how amazing victoria is ! i have extremely difficult skin to deal with that does n't hold spray tans well and even when my tan began to develop unevenly , victoria had no problems fixing those areas for me and by morning i had a lovely even tan ! her patience with clients is amazing and she makes the experience so comfortable ! top it off the tans are without harsh chemicals , it does n't get much better than this ! highly recommend this tanning spa ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "victoria provides the best spray tans ever . she is super sweet and makes me feel very comfortable . she goes out of her way to make sure i 'm happy with my color and the product she uses . i highly recommend victoria and organic bliss tans .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we really liked this place . visited in november 2012 . it was inexpensive and very spacious . we really liked the fixtures , accents , and the `` dimmer '' for the fan . it was a nice touch . our room had a kitchenette with a stove and fridge . it also had a living room area . separate from the bedroom . the bathroom was also spacious . it was a beautifully appointed room and it was very clean . this was a pleasant surprise becaues we were not expecting much from this place . totally wowed us ! highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you value your life and or your vehicle , do n't stay at this hotel . as of 5.5.17 , according to the general manager k ( c ) athy , they do not have video survellance of the parking lot . this means that if your vehicle gets damaged or vandalized on their property , 1 . they will not be held responsible , and 2 . since the cameras are a facade , they offer no assistance in trying to remedy the matter on your behalf with the authorities and or insurance company . now this is just a vehicle , imagine if you 're assulted , harrassed , and or robbed in their parking lot , you 're sol ( $ hit out of luck ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "very nice hotel . room was clean and spacious , perfect for my overnight layover . front desk staff were very professional , helpful , and courteous . jahad really went out of his way to make sure i was comfortable while i waited for my uber at 5 in the morning . great breakfast room and attached lounge . would stay here again , no doubt .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "such a lovely quaint double bed ( of course this is all they offer ) . a perfect , romantic getaway for you and your business companion . seriously . they only have rooms with one double bed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst customer service i 've ever encountered in the hospitality industry . definitely did not feel safe or clean either", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a nice hotel . i spent three nights here on a business training trip to north carolina . the room was clean and more then adequate for my needs . the wifi was n't that great ( very slow ) , but what do you expect when there are probably several dozen people connected to it throughout the hotel at any given time ? the breakfast they had was n't bad . they had a little bit better variety then some hotels i have stayed at and tried to change it up a little bit every day . overall i had a great experience at the hawthorn suites and if i were to return to charlotte in the future i would definitely stay there again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by here for dinner based on the strength of other reviews , and i was not disappointed . the service was aaa , the food was phenomenal and then drinks were original and delicious . the chicken and waffles is literally the best fried chicken i 've ever had . the chili was smoky , spicy and served with fresh nachos . our server was charming and seemed to be very invested in us having a great time . combine all the above with a top notch drink menu , and a stunning , chic decor and this place is a winner . will most definitely be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic experience ! got ta try the smoking manhattan . what an experience . i also ordered a margarita and it was amazing , no artificial crap , served in an aluminium steel cup . will definitely be returning soon and spreading the word .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with my friends for our girls night out . i love the decor . it had a cool , sexy , hipster vibe . that probably is n't the best description but it 's all i 've got . our waitress was amazing and engaging . we basically wanted her to sit down and eat with us . we ordered the shrimp and grits , chicken and waffles , cheese dip , pink panther , smokey manhattan and another drink but i forgot the name . i enjoyed everything but the cheese dip was n't that great . the chicken and waffles had a nice kick to it . my friend couldnt handle the spice level but i would order it again . i loved the flavours in my shrimp and grits but wished it was served hot instead of room temperature . regardless , i would come back i regret not trying the mac and cheese . i reccomended this place to my other friend and she loved it . p.s . the drinks are strong so there is no going wrong there .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sometimes in the 'small town ' of port credit , locals get used to things being the same and meet change with mixed response . but , i think , even the naysayers will be converted after they step foot in this new whiskey , beer , bourbon kitchen . it 's prohibition era style is strangely fresh ! they 've perfected the lighting , music and decor . the drink menu is extensive and impressive . ranging from a coors light on draught to a smoked manhattan ( you 'll want to watch this one being made ) , anyone can find a drink to suit them . and then the food ! we were lucky enough to try a few dishes and i still ca n't pick a fave . seriously , hats off to the chefs . the servers are super friendly and educated on all aspects of the bar and menu . if they are able to maintain this level of quality and service , they will do well in this little village for years to come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing place . great food and beverages . make sure to try the smoked manhattan but as a shot . amazing !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here with a group of friends for a girls night out . we came here to check it out because of all the reviews . it was our first time here and we did n't really like the food . we felt like the food was overpriced and did n't taste good . we ordered chicken and waffles . there was so little chicken . there was bone and very heavily battered . the fries were burnt . the rice dish we ordered , the rice was very hard and was supposed to come with sausages but there was none . the food was not great but the atmosphere was live . this place is probably better for drinks than food . they have a huge variety of alcohol .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was my first time going to door fifty five . i ordered the buttermilk fried chicken and the chicken was delicious . the only issue was that there was too much batter and not enough of the chicken . their house hot sauce was amazing . the waiter will come around and ask you if you want to try it which i would highly recommend . the hot sauce with the chicken was delicious . they provided great service and i would definitely go back to try out more items on their menu .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favourite bar ! ! ! ! i love the prohibition theme with the decor , the live music and cocktails craft beer selection ! they are doing so well that they are opening a second location in streetsville ! i 'm super excited about that . my favourite drink is there smoked manhattan . it 's a pricey drink but definitely worth the try , especially for the presentation ! ! ! the food is also on point ! have a southern style menu with great eats ! lots of shareable foods that compliment there amazing cocktails . my girlfriend always gets the pink panther cocktail because apparently it 's `` super good and gets me drunk off of one drink ! '' i will always come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we visited the restaurant yesterday after the yelp recommendations . i was not disappointed ! we ordered `` the boss '' platter which consisted of various bbq'ed meats and in house picked vegetables and coleslaw . the meat was cooked well , with a rich smoky flavour and delicious bbq sauce . we also ordered their chicken and waffles , definitely a must try ! the chicken was seasoned to perfection on top of a warm and fluffy waffle . we also ordered the corn bread muffins to share . now , i am a fan of corn bread however when i usually order it in restaurants , it is very dry . at this restaurant , they come out hot and fresh with a honey butter which completes each bite . our server sam was warm and welcoming and very attentive to our needs . they also have a great selection of whiskey 's , bourbons and beers . the atmosphere is very queen west with good music and a laid back environment . this place has something for everyone ! i look forward to coming back to try their shrimp and grits !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came back after 4pm and the door was open , so glad we came back . the interior is just dark enough to be romantic and the wood is warm and inviting . our bartender recommended an old fashioned for me and the french 75 for my wife , both executed perfectly . great place for drinks and or dinner . we will definitely return !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "found this place with an insauga article via my facebook feed . decided to check it out with some friends . monday the wings are half priced : they are dry rub only two side sauce options , but they are awesome . next time i am doing a double order of same . today i also ordered the half ribs as my main course : what annoyed me was that no side course was included except for corn bred . however as this is a bar and not a restaurant , meh it 's ok i guess . the ribs were excellent . the chef with his houses sauces make the dishes . the prices are reasonable too , even for the drinks . i will be coming back again on mondays for the half priced wings .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy to welcome door fifty five as one of my new port credit favourites . the drinks are imaginative and delicious and while the food menu is limited every item on there is thought out and executed to perfection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere in a great location . large drink selection but wasnt really impressed with the drinks . tried the paper planes , smoked manhattan , and old fashioned and they were all meh . i also ordered a beer and it was very warm ( bar back said they were having issues with their taps ) . will be back in the near future to see how this place has progressed , and to try the food .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "one of the places to go to when in port credit area . awesome bar , unique drinks ... and they 're strong too ... good selection on tap , good service by fun people ... great place to chill with friends and just have a good night . they have some good finger bar food like a cheese dips , chicken waffles , ribs , mac aand cheese etc . there are street parking like the meter parking in front of the supermarket for $ 2 per hour or i 'd you park across the street at the library it 's free ! ! if you 're going to come , make sure you 're not driving !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great atmosphere and cocktails , food not so much . door fiftyfive is another small trendy hipster joint in port credit . they offer great cocktails , especially my favourite , moscow mule ( with ginger beer made in house , you can taste the difference ) . the beer is very cheep in comparison to similar places and that is the reason for many praising reviews . fiftyfive 's food is bland even to regular bar standards and it will only taste great after a few pints . do go for a night out but have dinner elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service is excellent . we ordered the yam fries , which were not much to be desired . mac n cheese is good , but not memorable . my favourite dish is the chorizo chilli with their chips . i dream about this dish every night . this is must order . it 's good for sharing , but i refuse to do so . i had the pink panther which tasted amazing , but i got sloshed . they also had apple cider , did n't try the one on draft .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "finally went here ! ! ! ! not at all what i expected . this place is happening , it was busy , loud , all sorts of action going on ! we went around 9pm and there were no seats . after nine and find your own seats which i think is chaotic . we managed to find two spots at the bar . because it was so crowded , i felt closed in a bit . we ordered some of the funky cocktails , both were delicious . i had the garden of eden . food was really appealing and how they presented it was creative . we only had the thyme fries and this turkey salad , both delicious ! ! ! once we left i noticed an extremely long line outside . people were waiting to get in like for a club or lounge . i def need to return , get a table and enjoy this place again ! ! ! i found the service good as well . connor the bartender was quick , friendly and attentive !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food was very good . not prepared for reservations , unstaffed and unorganized ( we were in a group of 16 ) . i ordered their beef brisket , so $ 14 it was a huge portion and delicious ! ! ! ! ! ! buddy of mine next to me had the mac and cheese , we passed it around - it was n't loved as my beef brisket . another pal ordered the chicken and waffles , that for some reason took 45 minutes to get to us . some exotic rare bird they had to catch must it been haha . i would return but not with such a big group . parking is along the street . staffs were friendly with good attitude . kudos to the bartender who was very generous with the alcohol to drink ratio the birthday boy got wasted ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came in on a wednesday at around 9pm . we were seated fairly quickly and we were served fast aswell . if you are hungry i recommend the farmzilla . awesome resturant , with a love band . i would definitly come back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food . i had the chicken and waffles with smoked boar sausage . chicken was cooked perfectly with a crisp exterior . gravy was great and so were the waffles . sausage was perfectly moist . cocktail was strong but tasted really good . the decor was amazing too . friendly bartender who kept us entertained throughout the night . highly recommended .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was here with my fiance last night and had an amazing time here . my fiance is a wiskey drinker and they had a wide variety of selection to choose from . i had to cocktails clover and the pink panther which i really enjoyed . the food a small selection but definitely a must with the brisket and chicken and waffle . it was soo good . lastly best service ever . my server was so friendly and put a smile on my face as if we were friends . i am definitely coming back here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the roast tomato poblano cheese dip tastes like cheese wiz . might as well just buy nacho cheese dip and make this at home and add tomatoes in it .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we took my father to door fiftyfive last night and it was excellent . there was 8 of us and every one had a great time . the food and drinks where really good and the atmosphere was perfect . the service was to shelf . thanks for a great time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "who dropped the hipster bar in port credit ? drinks were amazing but expensive . disappointed with the tiny portions of food . i had to get a slice of pizza after . i see from other review that the portion sizes were decent so many i just got unlucky as i think i was there on opening night .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "checked this place out a few thursdays ago very hip and cool vibe we got there in time for a live band to perform - they rocked ! drink prices at first blow you away ! but we tried some pretty neat experiences at $ 25 a piece ( forget the names ) its sort of like bar chef style but local - so i do n't know if it works for sure , but good start ! just a note - that one drink , i think the smoked manhattan - your hands smell like wood and other stuff , for the next few hours ! the chicken and waffles were delicious !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "called for reservations , was told just to come in , had a big party , when we got there saw reserved signs on all tables . was told they took no reservations and manager was unhelpful and unwilling to accommodate our party .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "all i 'm going to say is that was some good ass chicken and waffles . top notch . i 'm still thinking about it . port credit - this is the best restaurant on the street .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bit late on my review as we went here back in early august . early friday evening so the place was not crowded but i 'd guess they get a good crowd judging by the bar and menu . great vibe and excellent selection of whiskeys . we opted for a couple of beers and i ordered the brisket sandwich . it was truly one of the best brisket sandwiches i 've ever had with the meat smoked perfectly and so tender it just melts in your mouth . recommend this place and will be coming back to try a few more items and sample some of the wide variety of whiskeys .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great service , with some exceptional food . i had the smoked wings ( very nice sized wings ) loved the smokiness of them . the flavor was all the way into the meat , not just flavored skin . then followed that up with the brisket , very tender and tasty , this was my first visit there , but surely will not be my last ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly from all the good reviews i thought it would be better . their drinks are what they are known for i went with a big group so i got to taste a lot of them the pink panther is probably the best one it has a grapefruit base and it was half decent . a lot of their other drinks we disgusting specifically the floral one which tasted like perfume . lastly i ordered mac and cheese omg worst mac and cheese of my life ... dry , not cheesy , and extremely small portion . this place is over priced and the food is not up to par with their prices . people go for the patio and location as it kinda turns into a club later in the evening .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here last night with a group of 10 . we ordered a bottle of crown for the table . it was 120.00 . the girl serving us was awesome . very attentive and polite . two of our friends meals were accidentally too salty . the manager came over and apologized and comped them the meals and made new ones . it 's nice to be treated like a valuable customer at a bar lounge . a lot of places downtown have forgot how to do that which is why i love door fifty five . everything else ordered was delicious . wings were amazing . their dry rub and sauces were so good and there 's so much chicken on the bone . prices were all fair . all in all great night . great dj , will definitely go there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friends and i 's go to place when having a night out in port credit ! the food and drinks are great , service is good , great bar atmosphere later at night - all in a great location ! i love their prosecco cocktail ! my only complaint is that you have to wait a while to be seated sometimes because it 's always so busy but worth the wait !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place has a great vibe . the bar serves great cocktails and a good range of draught beers . the decor is clean and stylish , in the speakeasy theme . the bar is now an established part of the port credit scene . bands play some nights and a small patio is open in the summer . the staff are young and energetic as well as professional and courteous . this is a great night spot , and also good for weekend relaxing .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great pub atmosphere , could be a little bigger ... food is really good and the cocktails are very well done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "saw the bouncers ( or owners ) nearly beat up a poor homeless guy looking for a handout when i was walking past there looks like a place for rich assholes", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came here on a friday night , was packed and for good reason . place has a great vibe , our waitress was amazing . drinks are a must , the pink panther is an instant favourite . we got the platter , mac and cheese and the cornbread cupcakes shared among 3 people and everything was excellent . definitely coming back again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i guess when one enters a place whose tag line is `` whiskey , beer , bourbon & kitchen '' one should n't be surprised to find one of the best stocked bars in the business ! ! ! not only did they have two of my favourite , hard to find spirits ( clase azul tequila and barterhouse bourbon ) but the in-house made bitter selection was pretty impressive as well ! the lunch menu , while simple , offered some very different choices , most notably the deep-fried alligator & shrimp po ' boy and the wild boar jerk sandwich . unfortunately , the latter was n't available but the waiter-recommended substitute , smoked brisket sandwich did not disappoint . oh yeah , the po ' boy was tasty as well . really nice chunks of alligator alongside some tender shrimp , all drizzled in a spicy sauce made for fantastic sandwich ! i 'd go back , for the spirits or the food , in a heartbeat ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "drinks were great - had multiple draft beers and a cocktail ( french 75 - gin and lemon ) . server was super helpful in both drink and food choices . food was amazing . we had the boss platter ( multiple meats , fries , chili , several sauces including awesome peppercorn chicken gravy ) , turkey salad , mac and cheese , cornbread muffins , chicken and waffle . all the food had a bit of a spicy kick to it ( in a good way ) and was really good with descent portion sizes . we live in toronto but will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cocktails loved the smoked manhattan the food was good . the grits was great oddly enough the hot dog was outstanding ! the chicken and waffles was meh but portion was good . serve was ok lagged on the last round . dripping water off the ceilings is a bit of downside . given the dripping ceiling and service ca n't go higher . recommended to sit at the bar", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great ambiance if you 're looking for a night out for a couple of drinks with some friends . lively crowds and tasty and refreshing drinks . some real talent behind the bar . for the ladies try the pink panther ( my gf loved it ! ) for the fellas , i really enjoyed their old fashion a classic . the smoked manhattan looks amazing ! going to try that next time i go ! the food is tasty ! i had the return of the mac ( mac and cheese with boar sausage ) , a very rich and creamy mac and cheese . with subtle hints of salty and sweet with the maple bacon accompanied by boar sausage . the crowd is amazing there on friday night , people just looking to have a good time and converse , not your typical pretentious crowd of hipsters and socialite snobs . just good people : d", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have to wonder whether the 'smoked ' food is really smoked ( in a real smoker on the premises ) or if they simply add liquid smoke to everything ? jury is out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this is a review based on drinks and atmosphere - i did not eat at door fifty-five . this is my new favourite place for a drink . i went in on a saturday afternoon . it was quiet but music was going . the bar staff are fabulous . funny , easy going , engaging . andrew let us pick the music ( of course we made amazing picks ... i 'm sure he would have taken over if we had n't ) . there were other people but not many when we first arrived . over the hour people started coming in so i assumed it gets busy for dinner . funky decor , nice and bright in the front during the day . great spot for a date , for a work gathering , a birthday , whatever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this new place recently and absolutely love it ! the waitress was awesome and very helpful , the rest of the personnel and the drinks were original named and excellent . we had the moscow mule , ahumado , sazerac and the nero margaritas , last one i highly recommend to try ! the only reason i 'm giving 4 stars and no more is because of the prices , all drinks are expensive . beers prices are ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ready prices for beers . food is so so . the braised pork i believe . just came in a metal tin . felt like they forgot to plate it . could use a little more sides . or any side for that matter . literally meat on a tin plate . get the chicken waffles or mac and cheese instead . however customer service is a a+ shout ont to the skinny man with glasses ! so kind and so courteous . beer is well priced and there are many options to choose from . they often offer samples of beer f you do n't know what beer you are looking for . i recommend and brig my friends here", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh my god ... so good ! we had the chicken and waffles , the wild boar mac n ' cheese , the ribs , a pitcher of amsterdam 416 , and a sazerac . everything was amazing ! so delicious , so tasty , so satisfying . on top of great food and drinks , this place has great atmosphere and super wonderful staff and owners ! will be back often !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one of the best bbq southern places in the gta . and i have had chicken in atlanta and tried the dirty bird in downtown . the vibe is hipster and you sit on wooden stools . the service is good and i would come back and try everything as everything from the chicken to the brisket was amazing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there 's absolutely nothing especial about this place . prices do n't match the quality and presentation . the burger was nothing especial . ribs were ok too . i would n't comeback i will stick to the keg or joey sherway and save my money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place feels a bit like a `` dive '' bar , but with higher end drinks & food . i had their signature 'smoked manhattan ' , & it was a really delicious version of the classic with unique presentation ! for dinner i had their ny strip 'steak & frites ' . the steak was cooked perfectly & the fries were definitely cut on site & really good ! they also have a really good selection of bourbon & whiskey at pretty reasonable prices . overall , i would certainly come back again ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "overall loved the bar and gets a huge thumbs up ! the drinks were very creative ( though i did n't order the fancy ones and got a rum and coke instead ) and my friends all seemed to enjoy theirs . the service is fantastic . everyone was friendly and welcoming . what makes it even better was the decor and ambiance which had a rustic feel to it . the food was a hit and miss for me unfortunately . my friends got the chicken & waffles , and brisket which were both delicious . i got the thyme fries which was more than disappointing , as more than half of it was burnt and had absolutely no seasoning . lastly . i would comment on the price ( not that it affected how i loved the place ) , just a heads up that it is not a cheap bar !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "must . try . the pink panther ! so yummy , but not if you 're driving ... everything on the menu is delicious . the decor is neat , lots of eye candy to enjoy . the staff is really knowledgable and friendly . the patio in the summer is the perfect spot to people watch and enjoy drinks with friends . fairly close to a parking lot , nicely convenient . the live entertainment that night was a ska band , ca n't remember their name but they were fantastic .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "never actually had any food here so i ca n't give it the full 5 stars yet . for drinks though they do a great job . even on a busy saturday night the bartenders are quick , and make sure everybody is looked after , not just girls . the house beer is also pretty solid and for only $ 5 is my go to beer when i 'm there ... i believe it 's called flying monkey . also , the bouncer is really funny .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is really nice here , especially if you are a big meat eater ! the service can be really good , but it can also be a little slack but we have n't had outright bad service ever . it is definitely a louder busier type of place especially in the summer , and they do n't really do reservations which can be a little frustrating because lakeshore is busy and can be difficult to park on , it would be nice to ensure you 'll have a seat once you 've gone through the trouble . they have a nice , dog friendly patio in the warmer months and they always offer a bowl of water for the pups ! they have a great selection of drinks as well and always have something on special . we come here veryyyy often !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place ... great food & whiskey ! menu creator told us he grew up in spain and the food was evidence of that ... lots of spices and flavor . would highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved their food and drinks . we ordered some pork ribs and beef brisket and they were smoky delicious . i also ordered a ceasar and it even came with a sausage on top ! i will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious ! had chicken & waffle , wings & big burger . every dish exceeds my expectation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been there twice . a little noisy . the drinks are good . must try the smoked manhattan . the food is good especially the ribs . they are worth the trip alone . over all a fun bar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cant really say anything bad about this place besides you get some drunk fools at times latenight ... but other than that the drink menu is impressive , moscow mules are delicious and all the food ive had is good+", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here a few weeks ago solo . wanted a quick bite before catching the gotrain . mac and cheese + cornbread cupcakes are fantastic . excited to come back and try more of their menu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . i lived in missisauga for almost 10 years and we never had cool cocktail bars like this until i moved away . still , i go back to visit friends and family from time to time and will try to sneak a pit stop at this hip whiskey bar whenever i can . the cocktails are great and the whiskey list is extensive . i 've never eaten here personally but have heard good reviews from friends . definitely a gem in port credit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a dingy pub . worst meal of my life . there was lint all over the ribs . the fried chicken was salty . awful atmosphere . diners looked like they belong in a half way house or a high school in a run down neighbourhood . bartender made me a special drink he concocted and it tasted awful . i did n't even dare go to the bathroom there .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor customer service . the manager cant even answer emails , both the manager and general manager . they say one thing and do the opposite which is avoidance of their customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we have tried enough dishes here to know that door 55 is not our thing . our poblano cheese dip was maybe 1 3 finished when we handed it back to our server to clear room on our small table for a shared pork rib dish that was certainly tastier than aforementioned appetizer . our server was truly friendly enough but she was one of those `` fast talkers '' who curiously also left out every 4th or 5th word from would make sense as a complete sentence as a response to all our questions . i can see jerry , george and elaine reeking havoc with her ; )", "score": "2"}
{"review": "lots of suburban hipsters hanging out drinking coors banquet . menu is a bit too simple and is all meat all the time . no lite bites no salad here . ( probably why it was 80 % dudes ) . bartenders are super mixologists . go for a moscow mule or a specialty cocktail but eat before you go .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the ribs are very juicy , tender and flavorful . the wings are delightful as well . the watermelon salad is not had . the service is great . the only thing that could be improved from my visit is the men 's washroom : the layout is strange , and also it was freezing and dark in there . overall i had a great time and will definitely visit again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cool barrel , rustic wood decor ... server was so knowledgeable of food and drink ... .had a great time and sat at the best seat in the house ( booth at front ) not so much in winter when door opens ... .i was pleasantly surprised to hear the music get louder , and crowds coming in for a cool bar atmosphere a night ... .thought it was a restaurant ... but really a bar with great southern food , drinks and great times .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "every time i 've ever had to deal with this lenscrafters , everyone has been dismissive and rude . they teased me about having poor eyesight , they mocked me for being on a budget , and they put holds on my insurance to try to dissuade me from buying my glasses contacts anywhere else . every time i 've had to call them , i 've been hung up on at least once . you have to get in their faces in order for them to do anything ! i ca n't stand having anything to do with this company , and i ca n't wait until the year is up and i do n't have to have any more dealings with them .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "waiting 45 minutes past my original appointment time without so much as an acknowledgement of the delay from the staff is just poor customer service . this office appeared to be over-booked and it would be common courtesy to apologize to customers for the long wait times . i ended up leaving because of the long wait time and i did n't get so much as an apology . just `` ok , i 'll let them know . ''", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow i was basically jipped $ 400 . i thought i was only going to have to pay $ 55 for my test but apparently i had to pay a $ 60 fee as well as a $ 95 fee because i have astigmatism ? they didnt even check my eyes for anything ! ! ! ! they just gave me contacts and the optometrist checked if they fit and that was it . then this one lady was telling me about discounts and i dont know what else so i just went with it . the only reason i gave it at least one star was because the contacts feel better than the ones i got last time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lenscrafters has a new marketing strategy that does not work for me . i received a message that my son had an appointment and i needed to call to confirm or reschedule it . it was during his school day so i called and asked who made this appointment . the woman said it was more of a reminder that his exam was due . i explained that i did n't like the way they worded this `` reminder '' and she apologized , etc . two weeks later my husband asks why i scheduled an appointment in the middle of his workday ! ! same message from the person i spoke with earlier ! ! i called again and told them i hated this marketing tactic and they should be honest and not resort to trickery . now i 'm looking for new optometrists because of their lousy marketing campaign .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "came in 20 min before closing with screw missing from glasses . leaving for vaca at 8 tomorrow morning . kevin had the glasses fixed in no time at all . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally got a call from the manager of the office after emailing twice . i received 3 months of free contacts , which is great since my lenses are really expensive . the manager was really nice and would n't stop apologizing for the awful experience . however , when i went in to pick up the contacts , all of the girls at the desk were rude . there was no `` how are you '' or any of that . i even witnessed one of them say `` just sit down over there and i 'll get to you in a minute '' . only reason for the 3 is because the manager was so nice once i got her on the phone .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "went to lenscrafters at this location a few days ago to get a prescription filled . i was looking for an inexpensive pair of single vision glasses . their `` $ 99 special '' includes a wide variety of frames . joe assisted me and was very patient while i decided back and forth between a few frames . i asked if the glasses could be ready that day . joe said yes . i then asked if they could be ready within 1-1.5 hours . he went back to the lab and checked . he came out and said yes , unless they run into issues ( which it turns out they did n't ) . my glasses were ready in an hour , thus saving me a return trip . so far , i 'm very pleased with the glasses . thanks , joe !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent staff & facilities . did not have to wait long for my appointment once i arrive . dr. shimizu was very nice and knowledgeable . the selection of glasses was also great . what i love the most is that i never have to wait more than an hour for my glasses . highly recommend this place for all of your eyewear needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not going to lie ... usually i totally dread coming to my yearly appointment because it takes forever and the expense is frightening . this experience was great ! the staff ( marco and blanca ) were fun and happy to be of service . the doctor was great too . best news of all , i got out of there for less than $ 400.00 , that 's a first !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "eventhough they told me they were in network they were not they tried to get me to pay 700 for my glasses or settle for single vision ! no wonder my hsa card would not work ! after 3weeks of going back and forth ... ugh thank god for optic gallery ! got my progressives with transitions for under 200 ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "eh . kind of upset . sure the doctors took my insurance , but the frames people did n't . i 'm a little confused . thank you for wasting my time by telling me my eyes need correction , but you 'll have to go somewhere else to fix it ! anyways , dr le is phenomenal and really explains everything to you in depth even though i have no clue what he is saying , but hey , he tried .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very friendly and helpful staff . everyone has gone out of their way to help me and save me money ! this place has a great high end selection of eyewear . many items can be produced in about an hour . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i found my new place to take care for me.. the office very clean ... help to find the perfect contact lenses ... the staff is very friendly and helpful ... the doctor is very nice explain everything to me ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i started with an eye exam , went well . i received a call in the evening from a recording that my contacts were in , drove to this location and the doctors had already left however that was not mentioned during the call . next day i went back and they denied even having a recording because my contacts were not in yet . not sure who else would know i purchased contacts ... as i only went to this location . 2 weeks later when i finally picked up my contacts , i had to return because they did not give me anything to place my contacts in or solution . i have to pick up the other eye prescription in a month or so , then i 'm done with this place .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we used to be customers of lenscrafters a few yrs . ago we left because of change with insurance . i recently took my son for eye exam and i just want to say that lenscrafters is a very good place , it only took us 1 hour to get my son 's glasses when in some other places we 've been , it takes about 2 weeks . i 'm glad we are back with lens crafters again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "avoid lenscrafters doctor kopolow 's office ! ! ! ! ! this place is a rip off and they are very rude ! if you go in with a set amount to spend stick to it , they will try to up sale everything , discounts my foot . poor customer service ! ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so after years of wearing contacts i decided to get glasses , the staff was very nice helped me pick out the glasses for me the process of getting the correct lenses did not take long and the lady who helped me was very nice we talked while she helped so it was n't like it was strictly business , which in my opinion its great because they make you feel like you are apart of a group who cares about you not just someone that is there to push you to buy glasses . i definitely recommend this location . 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went to lens crafter 's for an eye exam because i do n't have eye insurance . the staff was very friendly and helpful . when i called , the eye exam plus fittings of contacts with aaa discount was only around $ 120 . i walked out of there paying $ 200 because of an $ 80 fee because i have astigmatism ! what a scam ! ordering contacts through them is way over priced as well . i got my eye prescription and went straight to sam 's club to get cheap contacts through 1-800-contacts . i understand the staff does n't set prices , but lens crafters should really consider not charging that much knowing there are cheaper ways to get contacts . the astigmatism fee is absolutely ridiculous too , drop that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the office of dr. kopolow for your eye exams w i lenscrafters is outstanding . i have been going there for years . lenscrafters is very good too and i like that i have the option of changing my glasses w i 90 days if i am not satisfied . great service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i usually get my glasses here and prescription sun glasses . they are a bit pricey but the one at the meadows mall seems to have the styles i prefer compared to the rest . service is great ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i had an appointment and still got stuck here for 2 hours ! i 've been wearing glasses and contacts for 10 years and never had an appointment last more than an hour . i am only giving them 2 stars because the doctor is nice . in addition , though her staff was nice as well , they were unknowledgable about the procedures and products . maybe they were tired that day , but they repeatedly asked what my appointment was for , asked at least 3 times if i wanted additional services outside of the regular eye exam ( possibly trying to upsell since i 'm cash pay ) , apparently kept forgetting that i told them i did n't have glasses with me because after i removed my contacts they asked that i walk down a hallway by myself to the next room and said things like `` what you see on the computer screen now ... '' um ... i ca n't see the screen , and finally , it took the efforts of 3 people and almost 10 minutes to check me out .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "everyone was very helpful and friendly from the appointment line to the doctor . everything was explained to us at every step of the process . excellent service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff that greeted me and my daughter were very welcoming . the technicians were also very nice and played along with my very curious 7-year old . i did n't mind the wait to actually see the eye doctor , but it all went downhill once we actually saw him . he did not have any patience with my daughter and his demeanor was very negative . he was hounding my daughter about which field of vision was better 1 or 2 and so on ... he needed to slow down and think about his patients . children obviously need more time to think and answer . my daughter was so frustrated , she almost cried . it broke my heart to see this happen . i was pacified later on at check out when asked about my experience , and i told them what happened . we booked another appointment with a different doctor because i was not satisfied with how her eye exam went . do n't come on weekends if you do n't want to experience the same thing . dr. loi mai you need more people skills .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "light ! refreshing ! we tried fresco ( and bingsoo ) for the first time saturday night . did i mention it was light and refreshing ? these folks take pride in the product they sell . light , refreshing ( did i mention that yet ) frozen yogurt and carefully sliced fresh fruit on top of finely shaved ice with a drizzle of mango glaze . light and refreshing and so much healthier than dq . we 'll be back for more and to try the boba .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went back again on two subsequent scottsdale trips . it does n't matter how far we have to drive , who we can get to go with us , we are going here . and this place never lets us down . the boba pearls on my bingsoo are perfect . the fruit is sooo fresh . and now they know that travis buck and one of the players from the dodgers come here and proudly display their autographed ball caps . i love this place and will make a special trip out here every time we go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "that is some tasty bingsoo . mango sauce . yogurt . boba . now i just need me some green tea to top it off and i 'll be good to go . the two ikea springy cushion chairs on the wood deck in the front door are pretty sweet if you are lucky enough to score them . the rule is that when people walk by the store , you need to freeze and pretend like you 're a store display .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "technically named fresco juice , anyone-who- is-anyone simply knows the place as `` bingsoo . '' a small , simple spot in an inauspicious chandler strip-mall , fresco 's has the corner on the bingsoo market in the phoenix area . come to think of it , i do n't think there even is another bingsoo place in phoenix ... but if there was , fresco could beat them blindfolded and with it 's hands tied behind it 's back . what ? ? you 've never heard of bingsoo ? then friend , you are in for a better-than-sex ( sorry , honey ) taste sensation . bingsoo is an asian-inspired dessert made of shaved ice , your choice of fresh sliced fruits and fruit sauces , and frozen yogurt or ice cream on the top . fresco 's sports a starbuck's-style ambience , plus the korean music videos projected on the wall . the sandwiches are fresh although nothing too spectacular , but the quality of the bingsoo alone deserves the 5-star rating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what is bingsoo ? well , here 's how it went down you select 3 fresh fruits 1 fruit puree yogurt or icecream ( the yogurt is n't tart and what they recommend , it 's sweet and delicious ) then they take a bowl , put in shaved ice , the yogurt ice cream , the fruits , and puree . you mix it all together and enjoy . my recommendation is to ask for light to medium ice shavings , mine got a bit too cold and it started to numb all of the flavors . but i enjoy the texture from the ice so it 's definitely a must . allll of this for less than $ 5 ! ! ! any other yogurt place would cost you much more for all of these fresh ingredients , even extra toppings are only $ .25 the guy who was working was very sweet , great place . i cant wait to go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i finally tried bingsoo . i ordered mine with banana , mango and pineapple with mango sauce and frozen yogurt . the frozen yogurt is divine ! i wish i would have discovered this when it was 115 degrees outside , but its still good when the weather is a chilly 80 degrees . the shop is a cute little place in a strip mall . it is very clean and inviting . this is a super tasty refreshing treat and i will definitely be back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you 've never had or even heard of bingsoo you need to check this place out . i have two friends who were constantly bantering about bingsoo and this fresco place . i was excited when i found out it was so close to my house . if you 've never heard of it , this is how it goes down . it 's a layer of shaved ice , then you have your choice of ice cream or ff frozen yogurt , your choice of fresh fruit off the menu ( apples , strawberry , mango , banana kiwi and many others ) and then your choice of `` sauce '' which is a fruit puree of either strawberry , kiwi or mango and honey . you mix it all together and there you have it . a somewhat healthy dessert ! they even have a frequent bingsoo buyers card = ) this place is n't just all about the bingsoo though . they have a menu of fresh sandwiches and fruit juices too !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bingsoo is so good . i totally love this place . my wife and i will drive from ahwatukee at the drop of a hat to get our fix . my only suggestion would be to call ahead if you do n't want to wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "during the summertime i live on bingsoo . in fact , during the wintertime i live on bingsoo as well . because it 's that damn good . everyone here is super friendly too . that may be because i come in 3 times a week though . you can even get a little frequent buyers punch card and after your 10th bingsoo or whatever you get you get a free one . awwwee yeeahh . i 've heard that the bingsoo they serve here is n't `` authentic '' , but who cares - it 's to die for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "your life would not truly be complete if you have n't tried bingsoo . go there with a few people and share the largest bowl , so you can get a sample of everything available . it is as delicious as all the reviews has described it to be . they have really good boba drinks as well . this place seriously and easily trumps any `` yo-go '' place out there . it is in a league of its own .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is in the strip mall next to target and basha 's . it 's kinda hard to spot so be patient and drive slowly to spot it . the interior is really cute and it was pretty busy when we went around 9pm on sat . it is korean owned and they are very friendly . we ordered the 3 topping single bingsoo and milk tea with boba . the frozen yogurt in the bingsoo was very yummy ... it actually tasted like ice cream ... really , it was good . boba on the other hand was horrible ... .i should have known when i saw other people ordering exclusively bingsoo but i could n't help it . i was curious to see if this place can be better than the street . service = really nice decor = cute food = boba was horrible ... believe me they were hard , tasteless , and starchy . if you are still contemplating what to order after reading this review ... let me make it clear + simple for you : bingsoo = good good good boba = bad bad bad", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bingsoo is incredible . yummy frozen yogurt and fruit - it seems healthy and tastes great . warning - dont add the red beans to the bingsoo . not sure why anyone would want it , but we tried it and it completely ruined the dessert . go for the boba add-on instead", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small shop in a strip mall . bingsoo is so tasty with frozen yogurt ! owner is very friendly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you live within 10 miles of this place and do n't go at least once a week , you are doing yourself a disservice . every time i am in the area , i must drop in for a bingsoo . it never disappoints . the word `` refreshing '' comes to mind every time . ca n't go wrong with mango , pineapple , strawberries , with mango sauce . top it off with boba and you 've got the best dessert around . seriously , you need to go ... now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bingsoo : yogurt , shaved ice , fresh fruit . the yogurt makes the shaved ice deliciously creamy and the shaved ice keeps the yogurt frozen longer so you can enjoy it more . the fruits look , smell , and taste great , but they kinda get frozen in the mix . also , the place was deserted when we went , which gave it a somewhat depressing feel .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i decided to switch my pharmacy needs to this cvs since it 's an easy drive from the house . my doctor called in my prescription and i was told that they were still working on it . so i waited and the lady behind the counter called me and rang up $ 49 for a week 's dosage without asking me some basic questions . so i asked her a question when she uttered $ 49 . is that the blue cross rate ? she said `` no , we did n't have you in the system . '' well here 's my card , so let 's see what happens . magically the price fell to $ 13 . so my point is that cvs needs to get to know their customers a little better and ask some obvious questions . the reason my rating is a 3 instead of of 2 or 1 is that the other parts of the store have their act together . i just wish cvs would ditch the customer card that they scan when you check out at the register .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "come on people ... it 's a cvs ! what exactly are you looking for in terms of customer service ? walk in , buy what you need , and leave . end of story .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like cvs , they have great coupons ! i have saved quite a bit in the last 12 months , they also send a email letting you know what you have spent and saved in the last year ! i always scan my cvs caremark card , when i enter the store , they have a kiosk that will print out coupons for different products ! since i have a cvs caremark card , i save 20 % off all cvs brand pharmacy products !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this pharmacy 's staff is rude . kathy the tech ignored me and worked while i waited for her to take my prescriptions . then she sullenly talked to me as if she does n't need more customers . they put all your prescriptions into auto refill so you get annoying calls until you tell them to stop . they also sent prescriptions you did n't order home when someone else pick up the order from you . they tried to sneak in prescriptions you do n't need in all the times . is that illegal ? i will never go to this place again . i do n't know why they are so rude . the place is not that busy .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the pharmacy is just terrible . you are ignored and abused . i just spoke to the manager . she asked to phone if i had a good experience as she was going to speak to her manager . i told her that in three years i have not had a good experience . they are harried , abrupt and semi rude . no eye contact no thank you for coming . you are abused and demeaned ineveryway . terrible , terrible terrible ! walgreens is much better . they may be over worked but they are polite . if you want to give them you business go ahead , they have not earned it i will never go to that pharmacy again . susan wenger", "score": "1"}
{"review": "pharmacy is great ; super friendly and very helpful ! ! store employees are the same ... love this store because everyone is extremely nice and helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pretty basic cvs . good place to stop for a water after a hike in the preserve . not wild about them always asking if i have a cvs card . why do n't they just give everyone the same low price ?", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite cvs location ever ! everyone there is amazing and extremely helpful . i always find what i 'm looking for and more and always surprised and happy with the item they put on sale , amazing deals . the staff there professional , always smiling and they will go above and beyond and the extra mile to help you , especially rami the supervisor there , what a wonderful and amazing person he is . always smiling and very cheerful and love to help ! i love this location . 10 stars . thank you so much for your amazing and wonderful service every time ! we love you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's the point of having a drive through if you still have to use the pharmacy inside ? no sign posted saying lane 2 is not functioning . convenience of location outweighed by hassle of doing business . will drive past to walgreens next time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "its a cvs ... you 've been to 'em before ... this one is not different . i am not a big fan of this overpriced convenience store that happens to sell drugs . everything is so expensive ... it kills me to shop here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worse cvs ever ! after they put you on hold for 15 mins they 'll pick up to say please hold , and before u even say a word they put you on hold for 10 more mins at least . i called from a different number just in case they had forgotten about putting me on hold and they did that same thing . i should of never switch pharmacies . i think this in incredibly rude and such a poor customer service in the pharmacy department . definitely not going the there ever again , they need to train their staff with basic customer services . this is so irritating . btw i was calling because they over charge me ... .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the people in this pharmacy have been saints . i take care of my mom 's meds and she screws them all up . ca n't tell you how many times they have helped me and they are patient with my mom when she goes there . i would give 5 stars but their automatic refill and phone system causes us to overstock on pils at times . for me , the employees are great ... esp yvonne !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "troy the store manager and front store staff are fantastic . store is clean and well organized . did n't use the pharmacy while i was there so ca n't say it has improved .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i completely agree with the others who say you should completely avoid the drive through ! but the pharmacist johnson is the worst ! she is rude , judgmental , disrespectful and should not be working in the health field ! there is no way i would allow some one like that to work in any of my healthcare facilities ! she is not a patient advocate ! i spoke to her superior who she was happy to give me the number ( not ) so if you ask me that is an admission of guilt . but it did n't do any good ! i am sure she is still there treating people like crap.. announcing to all who can hear , your diagnosis and medication ! if i were the superior ... i would have fired her and had her license revoked !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "paintball city was amazing my 10 and 11 yr old kids were treated like family and they had a blast ! ! ! fun for the whole family and very reasonably priced ! ! going back next weekend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "booked everything via online , about 13 of us went- great time , great pizza , we took our own cake chips drinks- anyone who wanted extra balls could buy outside of the package we booked- we are for coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we installed a 30k pool 2 years ago and they were very eager to get the job done and get their money . they did n't do the job . they hired subcontractors who did n't speak english , they were good but not shasta employees . the job was done wrong since the beginning . the first sales person they sent was drunk 2 out of 3 times he came and placed the order wrong so that 's where the all crap started . now if i call them with any question they are very very rude and dismissive , once they get your money do not expect any good service back , i ensure you . they always say it 's my fault for not doing this or that and the warranty is a joke . whatever you call for , it 's not covered by it ! shasta is an overpriced , low quality pool builder that does n't stand behind their product , and i 'm trying to be civil ( you know what i mean ) ciao guys , just do n't use them ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "what was susposed to be a two week project , to retile and replaster our pool , has turned into at least 4 weeks . we also did n't get the pump we wanted . this was all caused when shasta put in the wrong pump in the beginning . their attitude has been , well it is n't swimming season anyway right now . i would never use this company again or recommend them to anyone . the pump they installed is so bad it does n't even have enough power to clean my pool .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "at almost 100.00 per hr you 'd think they have ample staff to make service calls . no ! i waited 6 days for svce to find out i 'm out 13 days not 6 and they were dispatching the wrong type of person because the svce operators are so hell bent on following their script they forget to listen to the customer . took 4x to get thru each time hold was between 10 and 14 minutes . i do n't think there is a labor shortage i phoenix so the understaffing must be a function of greed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "so the only way i can get a straight answer or get anyone to truly tackle a problem is to obviously complain . not the type of business i would like to patronize . unfortunately , too late . my very expensive pool is already in the ground . i have had nothing but issues and it 's only been a year ! not only that , i get awful attitude from every single person who comes out to repair their crappy work or replace their shoddy equipment . run to any other pool company", "score": "1"}
{"review": "shasta built a brand new pool for me and immediately after they completed the work , there was a huge crack in the pebble tec . i was told several times it was n't their fault and they would not fix it . no on was ever in the pool because it was winter time . this crack was there during their final inspections . it was a huge 4 foot crack . the quickchlor salt system never worked and they refused to warrant the equipment even though i paid extra for the warranty . i had numerous things go wrong with the equipment and i had to pay for them to fix items under warranty . i would never recommend them to anyone.it was the biggest waste of 36k i spent .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "an update to my last post -- after finally reaching management , we were able to get our most recent challenge resolved in very satisfactory condition . the staff still had significant problems and we have been assured by management that this situation is now being used as a significant training opportunity and that the employees involved with saying they had done something like return a phone call which they had not have been disciplined accordingly . as a salesperson myself , i understand you ca n't be perfect all the time . we are happy that the company has acknowledged its ' staffing challenges , have taken steps to discipline those that were not representing shasta well and have bent over backward to make us a happy customer again -- all on a weekend . thanks craig for being an awesome representative and caring for your customers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just hung up with my shasta project manager and he was nice enough to tell me that my contract left me responsible for damage to the irrigation lines that his contractors caused . apparently the fact that the irrigation system was mounted on the side of my house and had lines going into the ground was n't enough of a clue for his plumbers to figure out that there were lines buried there . so now here i sit trying to figure out how to pay for a damaged irrigation system that was n't damaged by me . meanwhile shasta has washed their hands of the entire problem .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had shasta come out for a repair and they were great ! was able to get scheduled pretty quick and the customer service was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "christopher j came out for a service call and was really nice , courteous and found the problem with our pool equipment . he quickly replaced parts and made sure it was working before he left . we have n't always had good luck with shasta but christopher was awesome ! thanks ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we built our pool with shasta and had a great experience . the construction crew was superb - efficient and professional - and the project supervisor was awesome , too . there were a few issues with the contract that were not dealt with immediately but management made it right . i would n't recommend working with their finance people - better to get financing on your own . but overall , i would n't hesitate to recommend shasta to a friend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my wife and i decided to go with shasta after having contacted a few other pool companies and we could n't be happier with our pool & spa ! all of the people from shasta that were involved were awesome , from sales coordinator ( charlie ) , superintendent ( mark ) , and our customer service representative ( pamela ) as well as the rest of the service crew and start up tech . shasta was so easy to work with and was always quickly to answer or correct any tiny thing that we asked . the service we received surpassed our level of expectations and i believe those were quite high . i can say with 100 % confidence if i ever build a pool again i will be calling shasta . from two very happy customers ... . thank you thank you thank you shasta !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "used shasta to build a custom pool in north central phx . the customer service and approach were great as our designer sales person was john w. from the 16 st office . john was everything you would want in a partner in such a large project . the price was fair ( although not the lowest in the market ) but the quality is 5 stars . i would recommend them to anyone looking to build a pool .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i initially wrote an epic about my after sale service experience for the interior finish of my 2 year old pool . then when i posted and saw all the other epics , i did n't want to get lost in the crowd . same thing ; lip service , attitude , apathy ... at the end of the day , i would not use this company again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "our experience was wonderful with shasta pools . we received the best customer service that i have ever experienced . everyone was very friendly and professional . they did what they said they were going to do and did it when they said they would do it , which meant a lot to us . i would recommend everyone to have their pool built by shasta pools .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just had shasta perform a minor remodel on our 9 year old shasta pool . from the very start i was impressed with their high level of professionalism and attention to detail . resurfaced my pool deck plus a few minor additions and the job looks fantastic ! could not be more satisfied . i would highly recommend .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't comment on anything because keith never called back ! i called and explained what i wanted to every dept . i was transferred to ... .no response . i am giving my money to another local company who responded immediately , came out and viewed space , and followed up with a written quote within 24 hours . so long shasta ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had a great experience with john , mark and pamela building our new pool . i would recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware of any warranty . they will change the rules and not honor a lifetime warranty . very poor business practice .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the wife and i decided to get a pool and we called shasta they sent out the perfect guy for us , chris woods was very knowledgable and very easy to talk to was not your typical sales man he was n't pushy we showed him what we wanted and he took care of it , i thought who ever we have to go through next better be on there a game cause chris was good . then i met pam croff a true professional very good at communicating with me every step of the way she really made us feel like we were the only customers shasta had she made this experience very painless and simple for my family and i. shasta really knows what there doing and have all the right people in place to make it happen very very pleased with my pool and entire experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here to see about a new pool & pricing . just about all we got was the salesman telling us how great the company is & their guarantee ... .yada yada yada . he did n't even ask about what it was we were looking for in a pool , equipment , decking , etc . i tried to ask about price , he just beat around the bush and finally said , oh maybe around 35k and then he started ranting again about how great the company is . also , he said it could be a hard dig ( they say that so they could charge more money , even if its not a hard dig . ) all in all we left without learning anything , zip , zero , about what we wanted . we just did n't walk away from this place , we ran . needless to say we 're now having our pool built ( a very nice one ) by another company for under 30k and they answered all our questions right off the bat without us having to even hardly ask .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "philip was our technician and he did and incredible job . he arrived in a timely manner , informed me throughout the repair and cleaned up afterwords . he even gave me options to choose from which was really helpful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my pool pump broke so i had them come out and install a new one which they could n't do for like a week . then the tech shows up at night when it is pitch black , installs our pump by the light of his cell phone and then i find out my pump is leaking three days later . then they have the audacity to tell me they wo n't come out again for another week or so to fix it . stay clear of shasta ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a smallish kinda place , but they do have everything cigar . it 's near by the planet hollywood so no worries about distance , and they 're open late ( midnight usually ) . the guy helping us was really cool , looked like a cigar smoker himself . their selection is small , but decent and their prices are not high at all . it 's great for those late late night cravings . go and enjoy one of their $ 6 grabs !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place i went was on the strip , so not sure if i have the right spot . had a guy rolling cigars out front . cool novelty . cigar was pretty good . $ 10 . i would not buy another one , but it was totally worth the $ 10 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "in my personal opinion : so i called to double check this is the right place but i am not 100 % sure . the place i am talking about is directly on smith & wollensky on the strip . basically my husband and i were looking around and the clerk said , `` can i help you ? ' we said , `` oh , no thank you we are just looking . '' then he said , `` well then why are you wasting my time ? '' he can go eff himself and we will not be back to waste any more of his time . hope your smart a $ $ comment is worth the 1 star review ... jerk", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i checked this place out mainly because of the name . it implies that either cigars are made on the premises , or there is some connection to partagas . the first definitely is n't true and the second apparently is n't either . i found a small selection of grossly overpriced cigars ( close to three times what i would pay at the cigar shops i most often frequent ) . they may victimize people who stay on the strip because there are n't many other places for them to choose from , but this local will never darken their door again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would n't even give this place a star , worst customer service ever ! ! ! very unprofessional . if you do not like your job guys get a new one ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "worst experience ever . i came in to get measurements for a wedding and the guy treated me like i was a complete idiot . i do not recommend this place and will not ever step foot in the store again . worst customer experience ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the customer service is not good . my boyfriend and i came in on a sunday afternoon we were not greeted by anyone . we have been in the store over 30 minutes browsing and trying on shirts not one associate has come over to even acknowledge us . the store is not busy and i 've counted five employees including the two behind the register . we need these items so we must buy but definitely will be our first and last time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i just went in to purchase a black suit for an upcoming fraternity convention . there were 3 employees working and no other customers . no one even greeted or spoke to me until i was ready to walk out . update : i have to commend the customer service from the corp office . since my initial visit , i have had 2 representatives reach out to me .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely the best special tea and sandwich i 've ever had . the tea was so refreshing and delicious ! ! ! i had the # 9 special tea and the chipotle turkey sandwich with the most tasty sauce ever ! ! ! ! i have found my new favorite boba cafe and ca n't wait to be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "whatever sauce they use on their sandwiches is crack ! i had the chicken panini and my goodness it was amazing ! ! you can really taste every flavor . they do n't jip you on the amount either , their portions are huge for the price ! i will bring my family and friends here . they need to be hooked on this drug i 'm gon na have to come here more often to try the other sandwiches : ) oh ! they also have my favorite drink , jasmine green milk tea..what more can i ask for ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! great food ! if you are craving refreshing drinks and very flavorful food , this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly , i 'm glad i found this gem ! ! i 'm very picky eater and have grown a bit dissatisfied and disappointed in the food i 've come across in trying out different restaurants . but bosa boba cafe has got my attention . friendly staff , professional , clean , and best of all ... some great food ! garlic chicken panini , cajun shrimp sandwich , and boba tea . smoke brisket was also very tasty . i 'll be back again . i thought i 'd put a review after i 've been here a few times to get a sense of the staff and how consistent their food is . already i would say this is one of the best restaurants in vegas hands down ... and being from chicago , i would like to think i know a thing or two about good food . great location for locals and strip tourists . i would definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best cafe joint ! the food and drinks came out fast and were delish..lots of favor and very generous portion ! ! ! service superb . i had the philly steak panini , garlic chicken , and the bbc house fries-the works ... .the meat were tender & savory and that chipotle fries sauce is so addictive ! i 'm in love with their mango chamoy . a must !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food and drinks were great . had a chicken panini and coco sugar cane . sugar cane was n't too sweet so it was perfect . panini was nice and crisp with good chicken and hearty size of spinach .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , big portions . everything we had was super flavorful . perfect after a crazy night .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "hospitality was great as we walked in with a party of 4 today . this is a little piece of home for myself since the owner is from orange county as well as myself so being here is great . ordering drinks is simple and easy and the seating is great and comfortable feel with music videos playing on the tv . love the drinks on the menu . we all got 4 different drinks and we tasted each other 's and they were all great ! definitely a cafe i will return to when i come back for vacation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this new joint is probably one of my favorite boba joints in lv . the staff is very friendly and the location is very convenient when you 're having late night asian munchies . i was inforned that they would be carrying coconut sugar caine water soon and i cant wait ! i had the mango chamoy , hakkaido milk tea , and bbc house fries . the drinks definitely hit spot ! i would recommend you to come here for great food and refreshing drinks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the sandwiches here are second to none . i was expecting the typical boring meal for lunch and was pleasantly surprised . they do no skimp on the ingredients and the flavors were amazing ! in addition , i have never tried boba tea before . i am now an addict . try the earl grey with boba . i can not say enough about this place . just try it and you will.be an addict too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sandwiches are one of my favorite foods and bbc has the best sandwiches i 've ever had ! pictures may make your mouth watery but wait until you sink your teeth into one of these bad boys ! i 've tried the pastrami panini , pastrami grilled cheese , bosa club , and garlic chicken . not only are these sandwiches huge in size but also huge in flavors ! i really think that bbc can be the next earls sandwich . trust me and go try it for yourself ! you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing ! ! the atmosphere is very calm and relaxing , the staff is very sweet and helpful ! the green tea is ammmaaazinnng . the food is so yummy ! ! ! i got the mango green tea , the veggie sandwich , and garlic fries ! definitely going to come here so much more ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "food was amazing and the portions are hella huge ! they 're garlic sauce is also fyaa the bread for the paninis were so fresh and crunchy and the huge cococaine drink so addicting !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently had a very bad accident and i wanted to take a moment to thank stephanie my agent for an outstanding job in communicating with me and being available , patient and professional . in addition i am very impressed with farmers overall response to the accident and handling my claim expeditiously . i could not have asked for a better agency and company to stand behind me when i needed them . without hesitation i highly recommend farmers and specific this office for all of your insurance needs . i will not be looking any further for any and all of mine .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately , i 've had to use my home and auto insurance in the past few years . i was in an auto accident and my house was broken into . thankfully i had insurance through farmers with joe haas . he made the process incredibly easy . they were super helpful with my burglary and helped me replace everything that was stolen . as for the auto accident they also handled everything flawlessly . i 've heard plenty of horror stories about insurance companies denying rental car coverage but that was not the case with my insurance . i did n't have to worry about a thing ! joe goes out of his way to make sure that i also always have the lowest rates . when it came time for me to find my own health insurance , i asked joe where i should go and he helped me set that up as well . i 'm very grateful to have found such an amazing insurance agent and i will continue to use him for everything ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe has insured my home , autos , and business for years . they are top rate . the key to a successful business is surround yourself with high quality people and that 's what joe has done . his staff is top notch and very well informed . first class service and competitive pricing make for a great combination .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely adore and appreciate allison and the rest of the staff from this office ! before i activated my own car insurance policy , my parents had us all switch after a bad experience with previous insurance provider , and we 've been with them since . efficient office , open communication , nice and courteous , knowledgeable ... pretty much everything i look for when it comes to customer service , especially when it 's a big ticket item that gets charged for regularly . did i mention that allison , in particular , has a great memory ? every time we have a question concern or need to add a policy , she remembers you ? it 's a personal touch that makes me feel secure and looked after .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was quoted roughly 162.00 for auto insurance . my card was charged 201.87 . supposedly only the first month was going to be a larger amount than quoted . my card was continued to be charged 201.87 . i cancelled the policy 5 days into the month . my card was only credited 66.35 . so i was charged 135.00 for barely a week of coverage . tired of all the insurance companies quoting prices and card being charged a different amount . i do not recommend this company . i agreed to the charge and was charged a different amount . i am sure they are banging me for termination of the policy . not a fair practice to quote a price then slam the card for a higher amount and when canceling the policy hit them for other fees . i switched to another company and saving close to 100.00 per month on my monthly billing . my car is leased so i have to have full coverage and i have the same coverage with the new insurance company .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "amazing customer service from marina ! ! ! ! she was friendly , professional and easy to work with . i would recommend this farmers office and especially marina to take care of all your insurance needs ... . you rock marina : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the customer service at this agency is remarkable . everyone is very helpful , and i can always contact someone here when necessary . there were no surprises with the paperwork because they are very thorough . i am very satisfied with the insurance products as well . they took all the worry out of moving here for me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the easiest and most reliable agency to work with . when i email them , i get very quick responses to my concerns and questions . their customer service is the best i have seen in the insurance industry . we have been with this agency for over 5 years . in that time we have had numerous changes in our lives . they have been there every step of the way to fulfill our insurance needs . i would highly recommend this agency !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe haas is a staple of the community and as good as it comes for all of your insurance needs . there 's nobody i would trust more in las vegas or anywhere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wanted to take a quick second and express my gratitude for the amazing service i receive from the haas insurance agency . i 've been insuring my home , my business , my life and my autos with them for almost 6 years now . they truly go above and beyond to take care of me . they provide the most amazing service . they 're prompt , friendly , knowledgeable and most important they make me feel amazing every time i have any correspondence with them . i highly recommend them ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been clients of joe and his agency for over 10 years . we 've received excellent customer service , great rates and honesty throughout the course of our time being customers . i highly recommend joe and his awesome staff to anyone looking for insurance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been using this agency for a few years now . very pleased with them . would highly recommend family & friends to them . rebecca , always answers all my questions & will call me back if i leave a message . they really value all their customers . i feel they will go above and beyond to help me if i have a problem . it 's reassuring to know that i 'm being taken care of by haas insurance . just want to say , thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have been with the haas agency for a couple of years now . the service has been impeccable . i have had the pleasure of working with allison on a few occasions . she is helpful in so many ways . allison is always very pleasant , has always explained everything to me to make sure i understand my policy changes and coverage , and is very patient . in addition , when she says she is going to send me something , she sends it via email very quickly . fortunately , i have not yet had to file a claim , but it is my understanding that they are handled very professionally and efficiently . allison , thank you so much for all of your help ! ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "award winning staff and very competitive rates . i switched from progressive as my rates were much lower with jh insurance agency . plus , its through farmers ! a very reputable insurance company . when i went in to sign my paper work , everyone was very friendly and inviting . they were also very helpful and clearly went through every question i had making sure that i no stone went unturned ! after doing some internet research , they have been awarded for customer service a few years in a row and it shows ! i highly recommend this agency if you are looking for the best rates with the peace of mind that is associated with farmers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just left the car dealership and got a new car , what was amazing is i called my insurance agent and joe helped me get the transition between old and new car insurance in less then five minutes ! he faxed the new insurance card to dealership and i was able to drive away in my new car ! also , the new rate was just about the same ! for a car three years newer ! i strongly recommend you use them ... ..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "joe and his wife rebecca are top notch . very professional and personable , but besides the awesome customer service they also saved me a ton of money on my insurance . if you 're shopping around for insurance do yourself the favor and check them out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best agency in town . i needed some life insurance and was confused about the different types . the team at the haas agency took their time explaining everything to me and never pressured me to buy at any time . these guys really care about their customers . do yourself a huge favor and see what they can do for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy i pick farmers insurance , this was the best decision i ever made , the office personnel is the best ! ! always helping me with my questions , when my daughter got rear ended i found out just how awesome farmers insurance people are including customer service , getting everything in order to make things easy ! ! you do n't find people like this especially in auto insurance companies - if you are looking for people to trust and be there when you need them the most , this office is awesome ! ! ! and so is customer service . very happy with farmers insurance ! ! ! thank you guys ! ! ruby", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this agency is nothing but the best ! ! ! i have been a client for many many years and will continue to do so ! they are there to help you with all your needs . they work fast and efficiently . never a hassle . the staff is very personable , you build a relationship with their staff . i have referred a couple other people and would recommend them to anyone . allison is the best ! shes never let me down ! she always takes care of any request i have with a sense of urgency . thank you for all your help !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so far service has been good . enjoyed saving some money over my old state farm policies - i 've dealt mostly through email but get quick responses .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to file a claim with farmers insurance . and had a very rude adjuster tyler grylls process my claim . this man should not be dealing with anyone in customer service ! ! he was very sarcastic , i asked him a question , he was of no help , then he hung up on me . i would never deal with this company if i did not have to . the man who owns this company should consider hiring people with a little more empathy or at least a little bit of class ! ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "5 stars , very knowledgeable , professional and extremely helpful . briana leske and allison levy are amazing ! ! ! ! 5 star 5 diamonds . great job ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super hot today , and i was on a long walk from pnc park to the boat launch at 10th street . should i get water ? heck no ! not when there 's italian shaved ice available ! this little kiosk is very convenient if you 're walking or biking along the river trail . i got a gelati with mango italian ice and ate it while walking alongside the mon . delicious and refreshing !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my seasonal work treat ! i wish this place could be open year round . great little kiosk that serves up everything from hot dogs to ice cream . of course my fave would be italian ice with lots of flavors to choose from and low calories . it seems to be a favorite with tourists as well because they do get a long line now and again . that long line seems to vanish quickly with efficiency . worth the wait .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was biking around and decided to see the fountain at bessemer court , and this little stand right next to the fountain happened to catch my eye . they have ice cream and italian ice , ( along with lots of other things ) , and when you combine the two , it is called gelati . i had a mango gelati , and it was a nice treat on a warm afternoon of biking . the woman working the counter was very nice , and i had good service , and the treat was delicious , and very cold . . . got a little bit of an ice cream headache . . . lol .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice big pool , very clean and there is always a deck chair and some shade to be had under umbrellas and big , leafy trees . the change rooms are kind of dark though and the showers are right there out in the open which is a tad odd . adult swims at noon are perfect for laps and there is plenty of room for lots of people at what i think is a fairly steep price though : $ 5.75 . i like the pool itself a lot , but would pick the free laurier pool over this pool more often than not . my biggest complaint besides the price though ? the life guards were annoying and confusing absolutely everyone by blowing their whistles every couple of minutes . people would stop , look around , wonder what we were doing wrong only to realise that it was the teenage girl lifeguards whistling at friends to bring them something or to get their attention ... do n't do that !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing pool - great for kids and playground and wading pool is great too ! it would obviously be best to be an outremont resident to get a good deal here , but still , it 's $ 5.75 for adults and children for a day-pass . you can bring anything you want on to the deck ( snacks , towels , strollers ) and there are decent change rooms and showers . the adjoining playground and wading pool make it easy to spend an entire day here , which we often do . make it a point to visit nearby van horne bakery mamie clafoutis - definitely not to be missed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a nice , good-sized pool with one lane for lap swimming , and a diving area . there are 4 or 5 big umbrellas around the cement decking , not a lot of shade . no grass , no eating . there are a bunch of lounge chairs available on a first-come basis . lots of kids & families , a separate kiddie pool , ok locker room . nice . 5.75 $ for non-residents .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent customer service ! tj explained my options and pricing with me . super friendly and easy to talk to . i would highly recommend to friends !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "easiest storage experience i have had . great location and helpful staff . i really enjoyed the ease of storing my things here . safe and easy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you are looking for a place to store your stuff you need to go in and talk to tj or tricia . these two are not just accommodating but also fun and professional . it is so nice to do business with people that know their business and can work with you for all your storage needs . always a happy face and a pleasant smile . such a change in this gloomy world where everyone seems that it is an aggravation to offer help . what a pleasure ! ! ! check them out . charles s", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we were only parking our rv at cubesmart for approx a month and sold the vehicle . cubesmart people were so easy to work with & would definitely recommend them to all and use them again if the need should arrise !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the staff at this facility is super ! ! they not only make the storage experience easy and efficient , but they go the extra mile for their customers . knowledgeable employees who are genuinely nice people !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "staff was knowledgeable and amazing ! the place was clean and organized . so happy i stopped in !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just wanted to shoutout this cubesmart location for providing me with excellent customer service when i dropped in the other day for pricing . the team there is very friendly . tricia was exceptional ! she answered all of my questions and was professional and informative . we 're still not sure if we need to utilize the service , but if so , we are headed straight back to the scottsdale cubesmart . also , the location is spotless and seems very secure ( they have constant stand security monitoring and excellent lighting when it 's dark ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the crew here ! went to pick up some things from my space and they had a toys for tots drop off . had a fun chat with tj & tricia . fun friendly people made doing a chore a pleasure ! thanks for making my day a bit brighter ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best service ! ! tj is very knowledgeable on what he needs to do to make sure you leave happy ! i would n't go anywhere else ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have utilized their services many times over the last year to buy packing supplies and now i have rented a unit from them . very responsive , friendly and helpful . great experience as a customer . bob m", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i called to store our rv , talked to the toll free number , assured me it is 60 feet long and they take rv storage , also talked directly to the store manager via phone 2 times before arriving , again assured me no problem . well as arrived , he comes out and says it wont fit in here ! so i have this 55 foot rig with no place to store it ! all the local places are full because it is time to store the rv for the season . finally found a place 120 miles away . never do business with cubesmart again , also i will not renew in denver either for my storage unit . cost me so much time and diesel fuel to drive to you and then to drive 2 hour to another place . not to mention 2 hour drive to pick it up when i want to use it next time . # frustratedcustomer", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i really enjoy eating at the hub and the same owners started this new restaurant . atmosphere is nice with a much more limited menu . i tried the fish and chips and was not impressed . my wife had the pretzels and enjoyed them . the wine selection was pretty good and on recommendation of our friendly waiter we enjoyed a wonderful red . i hope they bring on a pan fried new york steak or something a little more in tune with my carnivorous palette . i understand they are probably lacking space in the kitchen , but burgers and chicken fried steak are not going to cut it for me . atmosphere is casual ( shorts and a golf shirt work fine , parking is ample and prices are reasonable . i 'll probably watch for a change in the menu and if i see that happens , i will be back for a second try .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "breakfast on sunday was amazing . we had the hangover and breakfast burrito . both were very good and prices were reasonable . the setting is perfect in the morning overlooking the golf course . definitely coming back for sunday brunches !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was working an event at the golf course and needed a quick bite to eat for lunch ! i curiously stumbled into the vue not really knowing what to expect . my first impression was wow ! what a menu ! and my next impression was holy smokes this food is awesome ! fast and good - this is a rarity . i 'm not in mesa often , and not at golf courses often . but i would make a special trip to come back here . i got carne asada tacos - really good portion size for not that much $ $ $ . the house made chips i chose to pair it with were sinfully good . i need this meal again in my life need to try more things on their gigantic menu ! great experience , thank you the vue !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great location , food and service . we sat out on the patio for lunch with the kids and enjoyed every minute . server was friendly and fast . i had the jalape\u00f1o burger with vue chips , it was too much food but very good .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great patio and wonderful food . the white wine sangria was tasty and all of our meals were delish . my daughter and i shared the goddess salad ( could use a bit more apple strawberries ) and the vue steak sandwich with vue potatoes - yum . others ordered the balt , fish and chips,2 different kinds of burgers , the pot roast and the dip . everyone enjoyed their meals . oh - the pretzels were the bomb . we will be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "glad we found this place ! i partially do not want to write a review , because i want to keep this place all to myself . great service , great scenery , breakfast was good . we will be back to try the wines and bruschetta soon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place has everything you 're looking for . it was a lovely day so my party and i decided to dine on the spacious patio . we were not disappointed ! friendly service paired with a world class menu made for a unique dining experience . having spent two years in italy , i was in search of some quality pasta . the vue 's pasta diablo exceeded all my expectations . expertly prepared with a delightfully spicy sauce , this dish was the best pasta i 've had since leaving florence . the restaurant comes with a fully service bar and they were happy to prepare an expertly crafted gin and tonic for a warm arizona fall day . if ever you find yourself in east mesa , stop by the vue at augusta ranch and be pleasantly surprised by a delicious menu and superb service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are great ! the service is fantastic . the food is excellent , i have never been disappointed with anything that i have tried ! i feel very lucky to have them in our neighborhood ruthie piasecki", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic place to meet up with friends for a friday happy hour..food and drinks were great.the service was very friendly . definitely will be back again", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local place with amazing patio with views of the lake , golf course & mountains . plus full bar and restaurant seating areas . amazing food and service & sunday brunch plus weekly specials to keep you on your toes . this is a restaurant on a golf course not a golf course restaurant ... must check it out and its open to everyone ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we found this place on a whim after leaving the mesa flea market . we were just looking for a nice place to eat a small meal before we drove home . the madison board was just the right size for two of us and the price was reasonable . great setting and beautiful view of the golf course . the waitress was super friendly and helpful by explaining the different choices and she was very attentive . it is in a housing development but is open to the public ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vue is hands down the best place in 85209 and east of the 202 . no matter what meal you go to have , most everything is so amazing . i keep trying new places but nowhere comes close . price is right . atmosphere is great as i mostly ear outside overlooking a lake a golfers . it 's beautiful . best french toast i 've ever had if anyone can find better let me know . dog friendly too ! does n't get much better !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great little place tucked away in augusta ranch . the menu looks awesome , but i 've just had their pretzels . they have the same smoked wings from the hub , so those will be good . good beer and wine selection , and a huge patio overlooking the golf course . i 'll be back for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! ! ! good food , good patio . had a tiny little problem with take out order , and i did n't want to go back due to weather . manager came to me ! ! ! ! can you believe it . i am so happy we have a real restaurant in our community !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend checking this place out ! great view and great menu . sunday brunch is one of my favorites ! be sure to look at the wine list too . the have wonderful service ! you wo n't be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good service , good meals they have a limited menu but plenty to keep all happy ! wings are great , our kids love the boneless wings . drinks are always full , and it is from the bar they do a good job of making sure you do n't get thirsty . kids love the pretzel app .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "waited 20 minutes for a server ... then got up and left . wanted to try a new place , but not if the service sucks ( & they were n't even busy ! )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great location , great food , great service . we love , love love this place . i frequent the vue often and have never been disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "at a golf course in a neighborhood . salads were wonderful . wings were excellent ! . smashie was oily but fries and fish were great . bruschetta toppings were good but bread was dry not just toasted . view was great but pesky flies kept bothering us .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "once again very impressed with the vue . we had a very special graduation dinner for my husband with our out of town guests and everyone had a fantastic time . plenty of space for a large party . they even gave us a complementary champagne toast . thank you for a wonderful night !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "good bar & grill type food . nothing that particularly stuck out , but if i lived in the neighborhood , i could see how it would become a go-to . i had a vegetable soup that was yummy and tasted home made . the bruschetta was b- . you do n't have to melt brie ! our server was very nice , though . it is a bit of a drive for the quality , but i would n't not recommend it !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing ! we hit the lottery moving into augusta ranch and finding this place . we can walk to one of our favorite restaurants . the dry rub wings are the best wings in my opinion . have n't had anything on the menu we did n't like . they have the best staff , everyone is so nice and makes the experience even better . great outdoor patio with an amazing view . very reasonably priced and they have a very talented kitchen . one of those places you can ask them to make it a little spicier or just have a special request they 're always able to do so . ca n't brag enough about this place . if you have n't been you 're missing out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i previously reviewed the vue with either 4 or 5 stars , but my last three visits there have been ruined by flies . i keep going back hoping they have them under control , but no luck . i hope they get them under control , because the food and staff are still good , but i think i 'll wait a while before i go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "very good food and service . wonderful atmosphere looking out over a pond and golf course . relaxing to be served such good food by accomplished servers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we have been to the vue for breakfast quite a few times and for dinner once or twice . it 's really enjoyable . the food is delicious and we have always had great service . the dining room ought to feel small but because of the rolling hills of the golf course , the porch and the windows it feels spacious . it 's really nice to eat outside in the evening on the covered patio with the lights .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "still love this place . it 's awesome for kids . our boys told us today it 's their favorite restaurant . the whole atmosphere is relaxing and lovely .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "and another awesome perk ! i came here for mother 's day and they gave me a free glass of champagne and a beautiful carnation flower . such great customer service ! also , i love when they switch up the menu . you 're never disappointed when you try something new .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome spot , tucked away in a residential part of mesa , offering a good wine selection , attentive service and great background music . looking forward to trying out their food on my next visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "went saturday with my girlfriend to this place . what a wonderful experience . ashley our waitress was super friendly and went out of her way to make my sandwich just the way i like it ( thanks a lot ) . the scenery was beautiful and both our lunches were great . felt prices were in line with every other place . try this place , you wo n't regret it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a converted clubhouse on the golf course and its really nice for happy hour or a night out . my husband had also been here for lunch and said its just as great . the drink menu is creative & different . try the arizona mule ! the special was a surf & turf with sea scallops & steak , with manhattan sauce . the steak was perfect ! the scallops were amazing & fresh . and the sides were green beans & madalion potatoes , all really tasty !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my family and i just had sunday brunch here . the costumer service is excellent . the chef , or owner not sure , came out to check on us . i really enjoyed the atmosphere . however , the breakfast was n't that great . my husband got the enchilada omelet- not much flavor , no flavor with the enchilada sauce . i got the mediterranean sctamble- no flavor and watery . the breakfast potatoes were soggy , not crispy at all . in conclusion , i do n't recommend those two dishes . finally , the mimosas were orange juice with a slight splash of champagne . we most likely wo n't be going back , unfortunately .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the vue has excellent customer service and wonderful food . the vue is a hidden gem in the neighborhood . love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i stopped in last night , our first visit . everything was great , especially the staff . super-friendly place with a quiet , low-light ambience . located right on the golf course . we will definitely go back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really like the setup and the view of the golf course . the food prices are too high priced for what you receive . i ordered the turkey waldorf salad . the salad had about 0.5 ounces of turkey and two apple slices . it tasted good , but for $ 12 not worth the money at all . it probably costs them $ 1 to make it . my friend ordered the fish and chips . there was only 3 small pieces of fish . the fries were good but the coleslaw was completely dry . it was the worst coleslaw we have ever had . once again for the portion size not worth the money . the server seemed to be really new . when our food arrived a manager brought it out and our drinks were empty so we asked her for a refill after 15 min our waitress came back and filled our drinks . the manager completely forgot and finally brought us more drinks while we were paying . if i ever come back i 'll just sit at the bar and order drinks . i will not order food again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "nice place on the golf course for lunch . i had the cobb salad . i love cobb salad but this one had field greens not chopped up and no egg . it was ok but i left over half of the greens every time i had a bite the greens stems got dressing all over my face . probably will not go again . wait staff and good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "you do n't have to live on the golf course to enjoy the vue ! i love sitting outside on the patio with friends and family enjoying the drinks , food , and the view . some of my favorite things ... the pretzels and cheese dip , pot roast sandwich , and breakfast on sunday 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great , cozy place to hang out with family , friends & even your dog . friendly staff & delicious food . i like that the staff took care of my dog by giving him a bowl of water . we 'll go to any resto which welcomes our dog .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the best experience a parent could have at a restaurant . my son who is 2 was done eating and wanting to get up and i had n't finished my food yet . the waitress hanna started playing with him , she went out of her way to entertain him , she brought him stuff to color and colored with him , she play chased him back and forth like he wanted her to , he danced with her and hugged her . she was the best ! so friendly , suggestive , even made the effort to get to know you personally . plus i 've tried tacos at many places being new here and this place by far had the best chicken tacos i 've ever had . go ! great experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food , atmosphere and service . i came here with my 9 yr old son for a late lunch and we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly . this is now on his list of places to go ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the view , service and food was awesome ! brilliant set up outside with tent and heaters . server was knowledgable and so friendly . the dip sandwich was delicious along with potato skins , patty melt and sangria . top it off with a game of bean bags ... perfect ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place after a round of golf . the patio is great , and i 'm obsessed with the exploding potatoes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vue is owned by the hub and normally has a similar menu . stopped yesterday after golf and they were busy . had wait staff galore pretty much standing around . we ordered our meals and waited 40 minutes and then asked how much longer and were told 20 more minutes . we had ordered biscuits and gravy and chicken wings . this is the second time we have seen this type of service . not sure why the hub does not fix it . if you want this type of food go to the hub where the service is excellent and the wings are better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great view of course and food is great as well . steve is an amazing manager and always remembers us by name and makes us feel welcome . would have given 5 stars but sitting inside is missing something ( not sure what ) and they only have 1 2 orders of the smoked wings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great specials , great food , great drinks . what else do you need ? it 's tucked in a corner on the golf course in the neighborhood . but do n't mistake t for some country-club-membership-paying place . it has the class without the exclusivity . very fun", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful place ! the best food ! staff is amazing ! great for families ! the french dip and french fries are the best thing on the menu , so good ! ! ! ! and do n't forget to try there peanut butter bacon burger : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we absolutely love it here , the atmosphere and staff are great . ( shout out to dawn , you were awesome ! ) the sunday brunch menu includes $ 3 bloody mary 's and mimosas . live bands on the weekend and alcohol specials throughout the week . most definitely a hidden gem . i would recommend the route 66 breakfast , delicious along with all other menus items .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere ! ! good drinks and service . the wings were great , the meat came off the bone . bruschetta was ok but the burgers are great . we 're definitely coming back . kid and dog friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i understand that things sometimes change but , i was very frustrated when i went to the vue saturday night to listen live music and have dinner but , when we got there they took our drink order and after we had placed it they said that they were closing earlier because of easter tomorrow and we could n't order dinner . so that 's my frustration why was n't anything of this our your website , facebook page or a sign on the door when you walked in . why did we have to find out after we ordered drinks . i 'm a person who thinks changes should never happened . if you say live music then have it or if you 're opened in till midnight then offer your full menu . so it will be a while before we go back and oh that 's right i guess i should call ahead to make sure we can order dinner .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i ca n't say how the food or service is . we tried to eat there , but apparently they close the kitchen from 3 to 3:30 . seems like a pretty poor policy for a small restaurant tucked into a neighborhood to be okay with losing a potential customer .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "my small group and i wanted to check out something new with a patio . and boy did the vue deliver ! fantastic outdoor seating ! i had trouble finding items to accommodate my difficult vegan gluten free dietary restrictions but chris ( gm ) went above and beyond to help me out . he got an idea of what i like and had the kitchen literally invent some delicious bruschetta bites for me . wow ! the guys at the table tried the watermelon smoked wings and were impressed by how good they were ! we will absolutely be back to enjoy the patio , amazing service and good food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great out door patio over viewing the golf course while you eat ( or your welcome to sit inside ) . got together with girls and had brunch . food is delicious . we 've also gone to have appetizers and drinks ... i recommend the pretzels and cheese . staff is pleasent . anytime i 've gone there 's no waiting time . the place is nice , clean and easy access to parking . overall great place to visit if your looking for casual dining with friends or family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great food and a great time ! also , the brunch on sunday is perfect way to start the day !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my husband and i have become regulars here over the last few months , and always have a great experience . we watch games at the bar occassionally , but usually sit outside and enjoy the patio . we like the cheese boards and wine , and also try to come for the wednesday special of wine and bruchetta . great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vue is walking distance from our house , so we 're there often . we bring our dog and hang out on their big ol ' patio area . great place to relax and enjoy good company , friendly service , and terrific food ! major props to the chef , as well as the entire staff . we love this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food was n't good . shoestrings cold and over salted , patty melt was on a bun , pasta tasted weird , hamburgers over done , etc . would not eat here again . all six of us felt the same way . perhaps during the season it might be better ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "staff was wonderful . the pasta my daughter ordered was very good . our wine-o fries were good but not impressive . they 're shoestring fries sprinkled with what seems to be garlic powder . still good just not worth the price . the manager is very helpful and sweet just like the other wait staff . nice building but dark for being mid day . the outside seating is nice but hopefully will be updated to more lighting and seating in the near future . it could be a beautiful place . we will return again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "surprise early mother 's day lunch . what a fun vibe . beautiful day , nice comfy outdoor seating a great meal . all four of us had the same meal -- the dip . delicious ! my new hangout !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ventured in here after a round of golf . nice atmosphere with mix of golfers talking shop and locals . great patio overlooking 9th and 18th holes with water features . service was great with friendly and attentive staff . they have good variety of beers on tap . but the chicken wings were what set this place apart above all else . both the honey hot and thai chili were amazing . falling off the bone with goodness . only bummer is they ran out and it was going to be another half hour before fresh ones were available . i can definitely see why they ran out though . will definitely be back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i go all the time for their wednesday deal of $ 20 for a bottle of wine and bruschetta ! great deal and their bruschetta is awesome ! i especially like their shrimp bruschetta and pear bruschetta !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a great local place in a local neighborhood with some excellent deals on drinks and food . really like the bottle of wine and brusheta on wednesday for $ 20 . they have great wings with a rub . the cheese bath is excellent too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what the heck were they thinking ? ! ? ! ? they change up the menu and it stinks they changed the vue philly and the french fries and the belt and it 's garbage . this was a place you can go have a great time a nice cold drink fantastic food and amazing service all that still exists except for the food part so do n't go hungry .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "pretty darn good place . wife piece and i had a coupon to use . stumbled upon a good place to eat at . the wings are literally fall off the bone goodness . staff super friendly the the view at the vue is n't too shabby either . recommend to anyone that wants a calm place that is n't overly noisy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "go for the great short golf course and stay for bar food with a waterside view . chicken tacos ( 3 ) are recommended . attentive service !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place was amazing ! i wish i found this local spot sooner . we ordered the wings , the secret , a steak dish and pasta diablo all of which were tasty . my friend said it was the best pasta he has had since living in italy for 2 years . also has a great selection to choose from at the bar and priced well . make sure you save room for some of the local ice cream it was delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the vue is alittle pricey & has a limited menu i have had take out that was cold the dine in experience is better & did enjoy the meal . i have had the beef stroganoff 3 or 4 times and i really enjoyed it ..but not for take out . it was dry & cold for a entree that ends up costing me $ 16 i would have liked to seen better ! the appetizers have always been good the bacon cheese burger was dry but ok . seems like sometimes it 's dead & sometimes it 's so busy the staff freaks out & that 's when problems happen ! all in all i like the vue ..i would recommend it ..but it could go either way depending on staff", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this place is adorable and we had been raving about it to my n laws , we finally get them to meet us there tonight . we sat outside since the weather was great and unfortunately i think they forgot about us . we waited over an hour for our dinner which was bruschetta and salads . the food was great but took way too long for a night that did n't seem too busy . we will give it another shot since we live in the neighborhood and i really hope the service is better .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "found the phone number on yelp ... very very pleasant person took our reservation and table was ready when we got there which was 5 minutes ! ! great food great service ! ! we were inside but plan to come back and eat outside . the vue potatos are the best ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome patio : ) great food , service and atmosphere ... love that it 's right in the neighborhood !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered the `` chef 's board '' got oscar meyer ... ... ..do n't bother !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good food , nice atmosphere , good servers . love dining on the patio but dislike eating inside ; so incredibly noisy . it would be good to change up the menu a bit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have eaten at the vue a few times and the food is fabulous . the chef is awesome . the food was very flavorable . you must try them out . chad does a great with the food and service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a gem ! great food , atmosphere , and service . the boards and bruschetta are wonderful !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the vue ! outside is best . the kids can play . the food is amazing & staff is super friendly & nice . our new family hang out ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love it ! nice to have patio dining with a pretty view and awesome food ! ! ! we 'll become regulars for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kitchen closes at 8pm so if you plan on coming for dinner show up early as this is the 2nd time we have been told to sit down at a table only to have the manager come over and tell us the kitchen is closed . they need to revamp their website to reflect the kitchen hour 's as it varies from day to day . piss poor service .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best smoke shop that i have been to in phoenix . mostly because the staff that they have working here are down to earth , very friendly and helpful . they have excellent prices on their merchandise , and sometimes they will even take off a few dollars from your purchase or just give you a great deal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop ... unless you get there at `` opening '' . i 've pulled up at ten more than once only to be left waiting around for someone to show . great prices and friendly -- if tardy -- staff . no hours posted on the door , no answering machine stating hours either and they clearly do n't keep the hours posted online . if not for the `` stoner 's hours '' this would be a five-star shop , no doubt .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "mf legit . i did n't know how good they were to me , until i moved from avondale to n. phx . they hook up deals , and take care of you if you are a reg . hint : plan an extra 5 minutes into your trip , they love to shoot the breeze . everyone 's chill here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are amazing especially the tall long red head ! hes really nice to speak with well thanks guys : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "yesterday i met the owner and she was really nice ... not just greedy nice either . she is a sweet lady trying to make it in a rough game , i wo n't give my money to anyone else . not to mention they hook me up every time with all quality . zeke , zak , nick , and pitt are always there to talk to you about your life , and be a friend . i have gone into many other places where they are greedy slimeballs . do n't waste your time , go see traders", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best smoke shop in the west ( valley ) . quality products , super-friendly staff , and excellent prices . i 'm always satisfied every time i visit these guys . they make you feel comfortable and willingly give you the best deal . we 're lucky to have such a nice smoke shop out here like traders !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great shop . especially compared to others in the area . i went to three shops within a couple of blocks and this is the only one that was truly for smokers . do n't waste your time anywhere else , like i did . plus issac hooked it up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "closed so employee can go get something to eat . totally understandable however not the best way to run a business . sign on door said `` went to go get food , be back in 20 min '' . waited 20 minutes and no one ever came back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome environment the moment you walk through the store . every staff member no matter what day or staff who ever is amazing and full of information regarding a certain piece . even if they do n't know , they look up the answer right there in front of you and learn about it together . my sister has gotten some in sense sticks 5 for $ 1 awesome deal !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "probably the best smoke shop on the west side . i recently bought glass from isaac , it 's quality for a great price too . look here first ! you wo n't regret it : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "don , t go ..they lie too much .. jrini ochoa .. the tupit man he do n't any thing just talk and bushit .. he tatoo for me and he talk 2 week come back to touch up .. but he do n't do it .. he lie too much he do n't take good for customus befor he take your money .. i well with god any i talk this tru ... . because if you go there ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do not get a piercing here . i received a nose piercing about 3 weeks ago . i told the piercer i would be switching the stud out for a hoop . he said he would place the piercing accordingly . i 've had my nose pierced before , so i was aware of what it should have felt like . it was the most painful experience ... .more painful than the tattoo over my spine . i 've been to 3 other piercers since and they all ca n't believe how horrible it is . 2 of them actually said , `` i 've never seen a piercing that low . that 's the worst i 've ever seen . '' it 's still not healed after 3 weeks . from what i 've heard from 3 other piercers , it 's because of the amount of tissue and angle the ring was put through my nose . i can not stress enough ... ..do not get a piercing here . you will regret it !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "awesome atmosphere great people and artists ! ashley did my tattoo and would highly recommend her to anyone look on to get their first or adding to . fast and great pricing will return for sure", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have many piercing and have never had such a quick and easy piercing done . i got my nose done and it heeled within 2 weeks . i love it ! the process only took 10 minutes and the guy who did it was very professional and explained exactly how to take care of it and answered my many questions since this was my first face piercing . i would defiantly recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very friendly people brandon did my tattoo and did a great job definitely will be getting another", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had a tat done here not too long ago . it was for my grandmother . a simple irish claddagh . he chose to elaborate and added knuckles and the hands look as if they have a skin disease . i went back to get it fixed and now the hands are orange . only reason for 3 stars is because of the beautiful job they did on my husband . i know these employees are artists but please do what you are asked , do n't add your own idea to what i want on my body .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dave took the time to sit down with me last week . he shared so much helpful information . he definitely knows realty in the scottsdale market and beyond . he is personable , easy to talk to , knowledgeable and responsible . i am so happy to be working with him . i highly recommend dave .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're looking for a real estate agent who you can count on dave 's your man . he 's knowledgeable , honest , and very patient . buying a home can be stressful . having someone who 's truly in your corner watching out for your best interests is really important . dave 's that someone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dave helped us sell two homes , and purchase one too ! he is very professional , and at the same time , attentive to the needs of his clients . he was there for us 24 7 . anytime we had questions , concerns , or just needed advice , we knew we could count on him . we will use dave for all of our future housing needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these are hands-down the best carne asada fries i have ever had the seasoning on the carne asada is amazing it was hot fresh and i almost want to call to tell the chef he did a good job but i 'm going to finish eating my asada french fries first lol and you know they 're amazing because they 're already halfway gone lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this little place . they took over for a pretty bad taco shop that was originally in the building and their food is light years better . i 'm a huge fan of their carne asada and carnitas . and their staff is always super friendly and not many 24 hour food choices in this part of town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "most tasteless place on earth ! ! ! ! it 's like eating air a disgrace to the hispanic community horrible food . if you like this place you clearly have no taste buds .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "not bad ! i pass it all the time but had never been . noticed they had a drive thru so i popped through after a long day at work and i did n't feel loved like cooking . not to mention i was a little hungover and needed something with some substance . this was exactly what the doctor ordered . i ordered the chimichanga and it was huge and quite tasty . it also came with a healthy portion of mexican rice and re fried beans . more than enough to have as another meal . the chili sauce on the side had a nice amount of heat and a really flavorful smokiness to it . very similar to roberto 's . i will go another time to see how their breakfast burritos compare . because of the proximity to my house , large portion and the convenience of the drive thru i will definitely go again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "25 minutes for a luke warm bean and cheese burrito and 3 mediocre chicken taquitos ? the place was not busy at all . the rainbow cheyenne store is way better . the cashier dude took forever to take the ladies order in front of me as well as mine . no hustle in the kitchen at all ! this place blows .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place has gone downhill . the wait in the drive thru is absolutely ridiculous and the food was cold when we got home ( we only live right around the corner ) . also , we 've noticed that they have cut down on the meat they put into the meals and replace it with cheese . we used to get food here a couple times a week but the last 2 visits have been terrible . we are very disappointed and will be spending our money somewhere else . the food quality lately has been garbage .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place takes forever..even when you call in your order ahead of time for pickup ( i still recommend doing that ) . do n't come here for the customer service ; they always seem rushed , busy , possibly understaffed , and do n't say much.. but that 's ok because the food is usually worth all the nonsense . the rolled chicken tacos are perfection ( i add guac ) - not all thick or over-fried totilla . i highly recommend the chimichangas- huge , tasty , & full of meat ! wish they had better horchata- maybe it 's just me but it seems wayyyy to thick & sweet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm so glad this place is here . similar to roberto 's . everything is always hot fresh and great tasting .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "literally , across the street from my living domain . i wo n't lie , the only time i come here is to fulfill late-night drunk munchies or to grab something to help cure a hangover the next morning . i either go for the carne asana friends or carne asana tacos- boy does it hit the spot .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "we 've been going to this location frequently since they opened because we loved it . the food used to be excellent and it was always clean and the people were friendly . the last few months it has gone downhill rapidly . it is now usually filthy , including cockroaches during out most recent visit . the food is now just adequate because the cook keeps changing so you never know what you 're going to get . .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went first time on saturday night . wait was at least fifteen minutes after the guys in front of us in the drive through got his food . ordered extra cucumbers for our shrimp , but got extra shrimp and was charged for it . the manager actually asked for our food back so he could remove the shrimp . what a health code violation . refused to give us a refund on something we did not order and a mistake on their part . window person was difficult to understand and she had a hard understanding us.. to me service was zero and food was ok . but probably wo n't go again because i can get the same quality food elsewhere with people who are a lot more service oriented and customer friendly with a lot less wait .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good cheap mexican food . basically the same as roberto 's taco shop which is more widely known in the area , but most of the items i like are cheaper here .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bueno ! quick easy friendly classic bomb mexican food . i work in the area and choose don tortaco for my breakfast burrito needs and or chicken nacho fix . well loved by me and my coworkers . freshly made . great green sauce", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have never had a bad meal here ! you will have a brief wait since everything is made fresh to order . the corn tortillas are extremely fresh and soft . my meal order is selected just to get these tortillas ... they are that good . it 's very clean and the staff are pleasant .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place ! the beans and rice are the best i 've ever had . all the food is always hot and fresh , made to order . way better than robertos .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "torta is good , but i was not crazy impressed by this roberto 's style taco joint . about 10 pm my girlfriend and i rolled up through the drive through . i ordered carnitas pork plate , a carne asada taco and my girl got the carne asada fries with extra quac . the portion was great , nice fulfilling meal ! my issue was that most of my carnitas was pieces of fat and the amount of fat oil in the to go box was sickening . as you can see from the picture , it was pretty fatty . the carne asada taco and fries were good and filling an the guac is great ! all in all , it 's a 24 hour fast mexican joint . the food tastes good but i 'm sure the cuts of meat are not great quality . if you are a healthy eater you may have issues with this place . if you do n't care , or have a stupidly fast metabolism like my girl- try this place out . they give roberto 's a run for their money .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food but horrible horrible customer service . i called in to make a phone order and halfway though my order , placed on hold then was hung up on . i called back and was immediately asked if i still wanted my order and i asked why did you hang up on me ; he said he said hello twice and nothing so he hung up . i cancelled my order . this is not the first time , i 've had horrible customer service but this is the last time i will go back . i do speak spanish so there was nothing lost in translation !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "did not enjoy my meal ... in fact all for of us didnt . the enchilada sauce was watered down . the tostada shell was burnt and soggy . possible . very nice people and a clean restaurant . but would not go back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "generally this place is pretty good depending on who 's cooking and who made the salsa , lately the red salsa has been perfect it reminded me of an old famous mexican joint called el cholo 's from years ago here in town . service has also been excellent everytime i have been there which is usually at night . they need to go back to the original taquitos they had when they opened though they went to a thinner cheaper product but its still ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i would never eat at this place ever again , ! ! my family of ( 6 ) and my self came in and order a whole bunch of food . as we are waiting for our food my 2 year 's old daughter had to use the bathroom . as she 's about to sit on the toilet a cockroach came from behind the seat . on top of this the toilet had what looked like dried up blood on the side . i can only imagine what 's going on in their kitchen . please do n't eat here . this place is disgusting ! some one call health department , or tell me how ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i would recommend duff 's famous wings ! this duff 's location was very clean and service was excellent ! we were eagerly greeted by a server , who checked on us frequently through out our visit . there was not one time that i had to look up more than once before being noticed . we ordered a special combination , which was 20 wings , small pitcher of beer ( 3 glasses ) , and potato wedges which was $ 34.50 . comparatively it is cheaper than other highly rated wing places in toronto ( with booze ) . while there was not a huge variety of wing flavors , they seem to do what the offer right . we got the medium and bbq . both were adequately sauced , with a convenient bucket to hold all the bones . we would definitely go back . plus , there is street parking for $ 2.25 per hour , which for the city is decent . worth the trip . also , the patio ( currently closed because of snow , looks promising for the summer ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was a little underwhelmed by what is supposed to be one of the best wings places in the city . do n't get me wrong , the wings were n't bad by any means , but they definitely were n't spectacular either . of course , it is very much based on personal preference , and i prefer dry rub louisiana-style wings to the saucy kind on offer here . the prices , around $ 10 per dozen , are in line with other joints and there were some reasonable meal deals as well . curiously enough , hooters continues to lead my tastebuds in my toronto wing quest .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "probably the most overrated restaurant i 've come across . for the wings to be famous i 'd expect more , they were like a side order of wings at kelsey 's at best . they barely had any flavors and the ones that we did get were absolutely average . not bad , just overwhelmingly average . however service was good and it was not more expensive than its competitors . hot sauce was the dreaded frank 's red hot with a little bit of whatever else the chef puts in so he can still call himself a chef , but this is not unlike many other places . the celery was actually really good , as i read in the reviews this was a plus for this place . final call : avoid if you are a wing aficionado , go if you just want the average wing .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have no clue how these are `` famous '' the good : - the wait staff was very friendly , very quick service , awesome . we shared some scuttlebutt - the ceasar + grilled chicken was pretty tasty . i asked them to not drown the ceasar ( as places are want to do ) , and it came as i asked . the bad : - the wing selection is terrible . not even dusted wings ? ! how can you call yourself a wing place without dusted wings - the wings themselves were fried garbage . tasteless , heavy on the oil ... sigh i was actually quite annoyed with myself that i wasted a meal here . skip .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "crossing my fingers that it tasted as i remembered from buffalo ! and i think it brings me back . pretty empty on a weekday afternoon . great attentive service . mild medium had a mild kick . honey garlic was tasty . then we added smokey barbecue which we could have lived without but still tasty .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "regular customer here . 3 stars because this place is a hit or miss each time you come . i 've had times were the wings , appetizers , drinks and service to be great . there 's been times where the drinks , service and food was very lacking and disappointing . overall , their wings are great ! they are not so busy on weeknights so you can get a seat quickly . parking is convenient . the servers are very friendly and the food arrives to your table pretty fast . would recommend for all wing lovers to try !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yes these wings are good i still like the anor bar better .but that 's a long drive . so duff 's are great and they got some nice cold beer yummy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "maybe it 's not an option.. but if you have a car ; the original in amherst is a lot better.. this place ( college st ) literally has zero ambiance . the wings are good , some of the better wings in the city . when a father takes 2 kids to have wings and the bill is always around $ 50.. it 's too expensive . not worth it .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "do not go on their special tuesday night - unless you like getting treated like $ hit - had to ask twice for soda in a jug not a glass - had to ask twice for lemon with soda - had to ask 4x for napkins ! ! ! ! ! ! staff only want to make $ $ $ on tuesday - celery sticks 1 2 the size i had previous sunday afternoon - blue cheese dipping sauce barely had any blue cheese unlike previous sunday afterrnoon like i said do not go on tuesday night unless u want to get treated poorly - no discount for bad service - i paid full price for bad service - go when not busy and forgo the tueday special ! ! ! sunday previous was better but i paid regular price - i told 'bartendeer ' not to skimp just food is on sale - otherwise do not have a special tuesday - i wo n't be back", "score": "3"}
{"review": "wings be mad good . since the hipsters that run this website pointed out that my review was short , i will expand : the beer was cold , they have a bunch of tv 's , i would definitely bang 3 5 of the waitresses that work here . fries were on point and so were the onion rings , the dips were mad good too , and dey was chilled just at the right temperature , perfect for dipping wings into which really contrasts the steaming hot and sometimes very spicy wing ( am i seriously writing a review about this ? ) . duff 's has been the go-to spot for wings in toronto forever and is known as the gold standard of wings in this city , do not be confused by the other wing places ( st louis , other places ) , there is a real reason why duff 's has a lineup at each of their 2 locations each and every location for easily the last 20 years .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "best wings in the city , probably . cool atmosphere and they will serve boneless tenders in buffalo sauce , my favourite . potato wedges are decent -- not great , but a good accompaniment .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great wings and great service . do n't forget your side of armageddon sauce ! the menu could use a dry rub wing flavor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "duff 's , the mecca of chicken wings in toronto . not only their wings size is above average size , but the flavour is one of the best i 've tried so far . a good deal is to purchase one of the combos , that includes wings , fries and pop or beer , and then enjoy a finger licking experience . do trust the menu , and the servers t-shirts warning : medium is hot , medium hot is very hot , and hot is very very hot ... so order accordingly : )", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice and easy wings joint . fries and sides are average -- almost like mcdonalds fries . wings are above average . price is above average . good environment and plenty of tvs . the hot sauce is supposedly very hot . too vinegary though . i liked the honey garlic better . would come back with friends , but would n't go out of my way to come here . a-ok. service is very good .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "duffs famous wings are famously not that great . they are expensive for what you get and the flavours are really poor compared to say st louis or i wings on queen . my girlfriend and i have been here several times , each time expecting better , but do not get the other yelpers recommendations . poor fries , poor wings , average service and an average setting ambiance . 2 out of 5 . if u love great wings try elsewhere !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the wings and calamari was okay with an okay price to split with friends . the service was nice too , though there was n't enough meat on the wings so it did n't live up to my expectation in good wings .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great wings , great onion rings , cold beer . simple but done not quite right so many other places . respect the hotness warnings for the wings . hot honey garlic is a revelation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dropped by last night on a friday night drinking adventure . dropped in since they had a sign for famous wings . i mean.. there is nothing better than a pound of wings when you 're tipsy . i ordered the hot honey wings and they were so good ! i mean , these are the best wings i have ever had . the only thing that was kind of weird was that they serve the carrot & celery first ... i mean like 15 minutes before the wings come out . i do n't know , i just thought that was weird . the service was great but the table kind of had that awful dirty towel smell but we had our waitress wipe it down again . happy belly !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "came here with my boyfriend for some finger food . we came in and the environment was really nice and cozy . there were n't that many guests in the restaurant at the time . it was nice and quiet . service was really fast . we ordered calamari , mozzo sticks and hot honey garlic wings . food was delicious , especially the mozzo sticks and wings . will definitely come back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wings were dry . sauce sour . wings small . no carrots . not cheap . got ripped off . wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "meh . ok spot . server was indifferent ( walking up and down the centre aisle by the front , never a smile on her face ) , atmosphere was lacking ( leaf game was on but they kept the sounds of some very average music playing ) , beer was domestic and the wings were good enough . was no better than any other place for wings and beer , that 's for sure . probably wo n't go back , especially with so many choices in the neibourhood .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "we are regulars here for 2 reasons - awesome wings and service ! wings are delicious and if you 're not into wings , there 's plenty of other yummy things to choose from . staff are incredibly friendly , outgoing and attentive . very spacious layout at the college street location ( as opposed to bayview location , which we find cramped ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very nasty hotwings , which is their signature dish for crying out loud . do not eat here . even kfc has better chicken . i really like very spicy food , so that was n't the problem . the problem was that the sauce ( we had medium hot & death ) tasted like it was just made of ketchup , vinegar and hot peppers . they just as well can give you a bottle of tabasco to drink . both sauces tasted the same , but death seemed to have more hotness to it . that was the only difference . secondly the meat was dry , like it was cooked a few hours before or many minutes too long . dude , how hard is it to cook a chicken wing ? my mother father and sister had different food , they did n't like it either . i 'd rather lick the street that returning here .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "good wings . unfortunately i ca n't eat them as often as i 'd like , but my friends and i head there once a month or so . i prefer the honey garlic , my friends spicy bbq or plain . a couple of tips : the small pitchers are n't that big , so go easy on the ice or pass on it altogether . if you order fries or onion rings , ask for them well done - otherwise they might be disappointingly undercooked . and only take out on super bowl sunday ! can get pretty busy on weekend evenings or sports nights - be ready to wait a while .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love duff 's . i really do . i do n't think i 've ever been disappointed with a meal there . wings are deep fried , they will be greasy . once you come to terms with that , you will have a tasty experience . our orders never vary . we always get the deep fried pickles ( might even be the best in the city ) , potato wedges ( so good ! ) and of course wings . i always order medium hot and my friends get hot honey garlic ( wusses ) . : ) service is good and fast . only problem we ever run into are the table runners wanting to clear our table before we 're actually done .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "though this place is famous for it 's wings i was n't too fond of it because my experience was of the chicken wings being over marinated with too much sauce ! their home-made sauce had such a sour taste to it . the bbq flavour wings tasted like ketchup wings , the mild wings tasted really citrusy , the honey garlic wings were really saucy and the armageddon ... .. do not get this if you can not handle the heat . let 's just say it was soooooo spicy that the smell of this could burn your nose ! my cousin was only able to eat 2 wings and it literally burned his lips and gave him indigestion ! other than that i found the salad to be delicious and refreshing . the celery sticks were superb ! so fresh and crunchy ! and the potato wedges with the dill pickle sauce was my all time favourite ! mediocore experience but for the future i think i 'm gon na stick to louis wings for my chicken wings .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great wings . sweet potato fries are also really delicious . quick and attentive service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "horrible horrible . for a restaurant that is supposedly `` famous '' for its wings they were absolutely disgusting . there was barely any meat on the wings and the meat that was there felt hard and tough , i almost thought i was chewing on a bone : the wings were greasy and tasted like they had been soaked in butter after being fried . did n't order anything else after did n't seem worth it . good service though", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we stopped in for lunch today and got a table on the patio . we sat there for at least 10 minutes waiting for service . alas , we were ignored . yes , it was during the taste of little italy but there were three servers on the patio . and yes , they were busy but none of them even acknowledged us . we tried to get their attention to no avail . we eventually left and went somewhere else .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this place ! the service are very fast , the staff are so accommodating . i 've been going to this place for a few years now and i 've never gotten a bad service . the wings are amazing as always !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i really enjoy duff 's . the service is good , tvs are a good size and the wings are great . tried their wings : buffalo death hot : so hot it burned my mouth i barely finished 1 lb . does it taste better than super hot tho ? no the taste is okay but its just extremely hot like crazy . i would n't order this again but if you can handle extreme heat try it . buffalo super hot : really tasty and for me they were hot . i really enjoyed these . salt and pepper : some of the best salt and pepper wings i 've had . nice and crispy . so good . i 'll be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "duffs i think by far the best chicken wings in the city of toronto always fresh and delicious", "score": "5"}
{"review": "besides the place was pretty crowded and we spent almost 1 hour to get our table las time that i 've been there , i love this place . the honey garlic wings are amazing . the combo has a reasonable price , and everyone there is very kind and attempt to the customers . also they do have a range of hot wings that you can challenge your friends to eat . it was really surprising when the top 5 , that had eaten the most hottest wings were n't indian people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "all i wanted was some wings . i arrived before the kitchen is supposed to close at 10:20 and they turned me away , it was just me and one other friend . i could see fresh wings coming out but they could n't be bothered to serve two more customers . basically ruining the start of our night , the staff is rude and they treated us like trash not wanting our business . they had the nerve to offer us beer when we clearly said we came for wings .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "these guys have been around forever and the pizza is probably some of the best around . i lived very close and was always happy to order out for dinner rather than cooking . it 's strictly a shop for pick up only or delivery , not a restaurant . the pizza sauce has such a unique and robust flavor unlike any i 've had before . i 'd love to get my hands on that recipe for sure .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "take out or delivery only . no place to sit . the guys working in the shop were very friendly , talkative , having fun and made sure everyone waiting was part of the conversation . flatbread style pizza with homemade flatbread . many sandwiches on the menu , too . there are many different types of specialty pizza including 5 or 6 vegetarian pizzas , a pierogi pizza , smoked baby back rib pizza and pizza deserts . someone waiting said some of the desert pizzas are really good . we just had a regular pizza and it was good . the flatbread crust was good , thick and crunchy .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "exploring my food delivery app and found country style pizza . if good pizza = country then fire up some kenny chesney . the pizza had great flavor . i like their addition of cheddar cheese to the pizza topping . i will definitely order from here again . the pizza was on time , hot , and very tasty .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my new favorite pizza joint . i called to place my order and had some questions about the various pizzas they offer . the person who answered the phone was pleasant and very informative . he described the pizza and explained they are also a bakery so the pizza crusts are made fresh daily and never frozen . they have both thick and thin pizzas and can do most with either crust . they do not have a fryer so there are no fries or wings available . the delivery guy was pleasant and called when he could n't figure out which house was mine . the pizza toppings were fresh , not frozen . we had a pizza with sausage and mushrooms which was pretty good . the spinach and artichoke pizza was the best i have ever had . the spinach was fresh and there was a ton of it . i will definitely order from them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious pizza ! ! ! definitely recommend . enjoyed the lakemont pizza along with one of their deep dish pizzas and a baby back rib pizza - very good , everything .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i must start by saying this is thd best pizza i have had in the bridgeville area around my shop.. everything about it is great . great taste , customer service . they are very kind and inviting . i love the different drinks . glass bottled soda just like when i was young . thank you for your service..", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered a thick crust cheese and a pepperoni . love the sauce and the crust . very good pizza and fast service .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've lived about 2 minutes from this business for 10 years and i finally tried this place out because of awesome reviews . this is truly the best pizza i 've had . they have so much to choose from . i got the baked spinach pizza with tomatoes added . absolutely amazing . i love that they have dessert pizza . service was awesome and they delivered our pizza pretty darn fast . i will be back very soon to try some more amazing specialty pizza 's that look delicious on here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the pizza is always phenomenal but sometimes just a bit too much topping for a pie . every pie is worth the money and the guys are always great to their customers . you do n't need the typical size pie bc their pizzas are thick and full of topping so your belly is expanding quickly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a thin crust pepperoni and sausage and a cinnamon sticks . the order and delivery staff were friendly and timely . the pizza was good and the crust was crispy . following it up with some of the best breadsticks i have had in a long time was awesome . these guys are my go to pizza place in bridgeville now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "omg ... . if not for yelp24 id have never known this place existed . i have seen the face of the pizza god , and he is good . there should be a religion based off this pizza . this is the first nacho taco pizza ive ever tried that didnt taste like it crawled out of a toilet . im a glutton for punishment though , so i decided to try it from this place , and i was pleasantly surprised . this is now my favourite pizza .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we ordered pizza . the crust was not homemade and tasted like it was either frozen or pre-prepared . will not be ordering again and would definitely not recommend . chain pizza is better .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we got a small pepperoni pizza and a small eggplant pizza . pepperoni was good , eggplant was ok . the eggplant was too thick and kind of chewy and heavily breaded . picked it off , ok pizza . overall it was fine . nothing special .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "their pizza is excellent . we ordered right before closing and yet owner was accommodating . we selected the broccoli and cauliflower pizza as well as the excellent eggplant . the eggplant parmesan that topped the pizza was hand-breaded while my husband waited . these pizzas while not traditional , was creative and tasty . support this local business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i recently moved to bridgeville and my roommate told me about the annual festival . we went and check things out and stumbled over to steve , the owner of a local restaurant , country style . he runs a stand at the festival and sells amazing fresh cut fries and steak sandwiches with peppers , onion and loaded with shredded cheese ! steve handed my friend and i a sandwich to split - wow ! ! ! ! ! - simple , amazing and delicious . he handed me a coupon and on the following tuesday of the festival , i had to get another ! love this place ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best quality delivery pizza i have ever had from pa or ca where i grew up . the dough is delicious and they load on the toppings which is a big plus for me . i have ordered delivery on numerous occasions and they are always earlier than quoted . two big thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm new to the bridgevill area and i stopped in for the first time and had a buffalo chicken sandwich , it was delicious ! i 'm definitely going back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "well we have been there several times now to both dr yee & dr johnston . let me say first that we sought these people out due to the glowing reviews here on yelp . do n't get me wrong , these dr.s are terrific people and i believe they are very capable physicians . that being said , the wait is insane . our shortest wait ( always with appointments ) was 1 hour . my husband went in with an ear infection after work today and took a book to keep him entertained ( with an appointment ) and waited 4 hours . our average wait is 90 minutes to 2 hours . they need to rethink their scheduling . it is not working . god bless em , but we will have to seek out a new physician who has scheduling a bit more under control . our jobs and our personal life demand too much to tolerate the severe time management we have experienced here .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "waited one hour to get in , and then asked to reschedule . the receptionist was rude and said the doctor could now see me . they put me in a back room , where i proceeded to wait another hour . i rescheduled and left . i already paid .if they are running late they should say so . absolutely love dr . eye , but would like it if i was not lied to about how long the visit will take", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the staff here could not possibly be nicer . the receptionist , nurses and doctors are all friendly and professional . i arrived about 15 minutes early for my appointment and ended up waiting almost an hour to see the doctor , but once i got settled in the exam room , i was able to ask the nurses and dr. yee all the questions i wanted . yay ! two downsides : plan to carve out at least two hours of your day because you will have to wait even if you have an appointment . second : you do n't ( automatically ) receive copies of the forms you sign as a new patient . i hear that other doctors send them via e-mail . should n't that be standard by now ?", "score": "4"}
{"review": "dr. charles johnston and dr. beverly yee are board certified family physicians . my `` well woman '' appointment was with dr. yee , so i do n't know about dr. johnston , but dr. yee was absolutely amazing . getting a pap smear is not pleasant , no matter how good the doctor is , but dr. yee was gentle and quick . the most unpleasant part was over in less than two minutes . she was thorough and made sure i understood everything that was going on . she also made sure to listen to my questions . she did n't talk over my head , like some doctors seem to do , and she had a sense of humour that helped put me at ease . the best part about going to see her is that not only does she do gynecological things , she also handles regular medical things . this means you can kill two birds with one stone and only miss work once . they are located behind st. rose - san martin .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had way too many bad experiences now with this office . i went in once to have fmla paperwork filled out and they completely forgot to fax it in for weeks . another time they confirmed my insurance was valid but for some reason forgot to bill them and sent me a bill for the full cost of the visit . and today was the worst experience of all ! my appointment was at 2pm . i signed in . and i waited and waited for two hours ! finally i had had enough and asked the receptionist if i could just get my prescription refills and reschedule the visit ... when i looked at the clipboard , they had crossed my name off without me being seen and had already seen the 6 or 7 people after me ! i was furious ! the receptionist did n't even bother to apologize . she simply said `` maybe we got busy and did n't notice . '' that was the last straw . i will most likely be changing my primary care doctor after this . it 's just ridiculous ... .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the wait for your appointment can be a little long but the care you receive is excellent . dr. johnston is the best family doctor i have ever been to . he explains things so they are easy to understand and he listens to what you have to say .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just had my first appointment with dr. johnston and i really like him . he was friendly and took time to explain matters . i also like how they can take blood right in his office . a huge time saver . overall the staff was great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "prepare to wait but it will be well worth the wait . dr. johnston is awesome and is so patient and understanding . he never rushes his patients out the door and is very thorough . hands down , the best doctor i 've been to in las vegas . his staff is wonderful also . very friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i initially made my appointment for july in march . one week before the appointment i received a call said that the doctor would be out of town for a vacation , and i need to reschedule . so they rescheduled my appointment to august . i waited for one more month and then on my actual visit , the front desk lady told me that they do n't accept my insurance anymore since three weeks ago , and i have to pay cash or walk away . this is absolutely ridiculous and feels like a humiliation . if you have the plan to stop accepting certain insurance , you should have known long ago and at least inform your patients so i would n't need to take off from work and get humiliated . i contacted a different provider and scheduled my visit one week after . everything went great with the other provider and making me regret why i decided to choose this place in the beginning .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i had one bad experience after another trying to find a good primary care physician in lv . mousy m referred me to dr yee and i love her ! she always seems to have time , she answers all of my questions , and is all around helpful . i 've never had any problem getting an appointment . my only gripes are that johnston yee are far from my home and my insurance does n't have them as preferred providers . but it 's worth the drive and the extra co-pay !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "dr. yee is definitely worth the wait in gold ! ! ; )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm torn between 3 & 4 stars . the wait typically sucks , always seem to be running behind but dr johnston is great . he is a bit of a talker but is very friendly and thorough . overall good doctor .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have waited 3 months for an appointment ! however when i got to the office , the girls up front were unbelievably rude , lost my file , and allowed 5 people to get in front of my appointment time . why ? there excuse was just because they only had to do a refill ! what ? so i wait for 3 months and over an hour to be ignored because of refill prescriptions . i 'm pretty sure dr. yee is an amazing doctor , unfortunately she needs to invest in caring staff ! i left without being seen ! your staff is your most important asset , which allowed you to lose clients and i 'm pretty sure this is n't the first time .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i do n't mind the wait when it comes to having an appointment here . dr. yee is such a sweetheart and makes me always feel comfortable when it comes to going to the doctor . i 'd definitely recommend coming here to have her as your primary care physician .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we went to see dr. johnston for the referral to see colonoscopy . he gave us a dr. sheldon freed . so i called dr . freed and requested for colonoscopy appointment . they said they do n't do the colonoscopy . so i called back to dr. johnston to get the correct doctor who does the colonoscopy . he gave me a new one with the phone number . i called and requested for appointment . the number they gave me was women 's well care . they do n't do the colonoscopy . i called the insurance company . they gave me the correct doctor for the colonoscopy . their management skills are poor . they have very strict rules policy which was ridiculous . highly do not recommend him at all .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a former patient , i must say , although dr yee was thorough in her testing and questions , the waiting times ( never got in the office until waiting 1 1 2 hr in waiting room , truly ! ) were ridiculous ! everytime i have waited , and the front desk is horrible and not very helpful . they are n't happy , short with you and not wanting to go that extra mile and have screwed up with lab work and medical records , id say i would not reccomend this practice to anyone , if only the docs could really be for their patients , call backs , smiles , no screw ups in giving people wrong lab tests and med records ... do n't go here", "score": "1"}
{"review": "when our insurance changed we had to pick a primary care doctor . this practice had good reviews and was close to home so i picked it . big mistake . even after waiting 3 months for an appointment to become an established patient , appointments were only available over a month away . i called 3 times this year saying i was sick and needed an appointment and was given dates over a month away . really ? ! ? i wo n't be sick anymore in a month ! ! the one time i was able to get in to become an established patient , i had to take the day off of work and wait almost 2 hours to see the doctor . my husband needed an mri on his back to see a back specialist . we asked the office at least 10 times to send it to the insurance . they always said they sent it and insurance never got it . i switched our primary doctor starting 1-1-2017 and i 'm so happy i did ! ! save yourself the hassle and pick a different doctor .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since my last review on 1 6 12 i have continued to stay as a patient with dr yee . i know that the wait time to see the dr can be long , but the last 4 visits with her i only waited 30 minutes . the front staff are friendlier now , and scheduling is n't so bad . i said in my previous review that i would look for a new dr , but what can i say ... dr yee is a very , very good doctor . can you blame her for the wait time ? she truly takes the time to sit there and talk to you about your concerns . she has a kind heart and an ear to listen to everything i have to say . it 's very hard to find a doctor that shows this type of care so she is definitely worth the wait . her knowledge in working towards optimal health has made me feel so much better about my situation , and i am happy with the referrals she gave to other specialists . thanks for all you do , dr yee .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zero respect for patients time . i called for an appointment and the soonest they could see me was 6 weeks away . then just a few days before they appointment they call and tell me the dr. is not going to be there for my appointment . i try to call back hoping they will reschedule me soon and it 's nothing but busy signal . now i have to start anew trying to get an appointment with another dr after these clowns wasted almost 6 weeks of me waiting .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "dr. johnston is a terrific physician . he takes time with his patients and is thoughtful and compassionate in his treatment . in the past i have had a few issues with billing scheduling as mentioned by posters below - however it seems that they have recently revamped their office staff to correct this and to increase the friendliness effectiveness of their operations team . sarah at the front desk is especially calm , friendly , and excellent at her job . really fortunate to be a patient at this terrific practice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great and friendly place to be.. they take really good care of you.. they really listen to your concerns . i would recommend this place to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only is the wait in the waiting room for your appointment extremely long , but the wait on the phone is just as long . i was put on hold for about 5 minis before i decided to get in my car & drive there instead . i live by green valley ranch & dove all the way to the office . as i was walking in they answered the phone . totally unexceptable ! almost 20 minutes later ! 17 minute drive actually & 5 minutes before that ! think i 'm changing doctors , no matter how much i absolutely love dr yee !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great doctors . horrible staff and operations . been coming here for years as a primary care doctor for my wife and i . this year they 've decided to not accept our insurance anymore . i made my appointment months ago and it would have been nice if i were notified that they did n't accept our insurance any longer . so instead , they tried to get me to pay $ 75 to continue to just see the doctor . in this day and age , it 's not difficult to create an e-mail distribution for everyone with a specific type of insurance and e-mail the group letting them know of the changes . maybe i should charge them $ 75 to set it up . anyway , now i have to find a new primary care doctor . i encourage everyone to stay away from this place ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i absolutely love dr. yee i 'm so glad and so happy my friend referred me to see her . she definitely listened to me and answered all my questions and concerns . she 's amazing ! definitely worth the wait !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after a long wait , i had but a few minutes to discuss my concerns to which the response was disinterest and a lack of empathy . it 's difficult to find even barely decent healthcare in las vegas .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "new staff ! a lot more organized and friendly ! not as long of a wait like before ! when i called someone actually answered ! lol that 's rare ! she is my absolute favorite dr ever ! takes her time with each patient not making them feel rushed ! she 's worth the wait ! she makes you feel comfortable ! she remembers everything about you and you feel like she 's known you forever ! super sweet dr !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me start by saying dr. johnston and dr. yee and fantastic doctors ! however , their front desk staff is absolutely horrible . i had requested 2 referrals for different specialists , they told me they would call with info to each . i waited 2 months , received nothing . i am disabled and on medicaid and i requested physical therapy , when i called the office to check for one referral , the front desk lady said `` i ca n't sit on google maps all day , call when your find your own '' this is after they finally referred me to 2 other places that did n't accept my insurance . there was also another occasion when i needed my medication refilled and they refused to see me to fill it in time . went a whole month off my medicine and had a seizure . bottom line , fantastic doctors , horrible staff . not even worth the hassle .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the wait is absolutely ridiculous ever single time i come ! ! ! ! dr. yee is a quack doc ! staff is rude ! i made my appointment for the first of the day and here i am an hour and half later still waiting ! ! ! ! worst office ever !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the worst a waited 1 month to see dr yee wait d in the waiting room one hour and another hour inside i walk out . this is not the first time she takes way to much time with each patient is not fair for the other patient waiting amazing never again . i am so mad right now", "score": "2"}
{"review": "although the drs are very nice , expect to wait two hours in the waiting room and another 45 minutes in the back . they do spend time time with you and listen to you but its not worth the whole entire day . i have to pay a babysitter 5 hours to see the dr. also if you ever are sick and try and get an apptt , expect to wait 5 hours or more ! and if you think i 'll book the first in the morning this way i 'll be in and out , forget it . she books 10 people for the same time slot !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "plan to spend an entire day waiting for your appointment . even when you are the first appointment at 9am plan to be there until at least 12 . nice drs but not if you have any thing serious going on . also if you are sick and need to get in - forget it . you never get to see them when your sick , unless you sit in the waiting room for hours , until they close . a whole day waiting for help .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a little hard to find but , well worth the effort . they are great supporters of the military personel .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the premier cigar shop in the valley . best selection , best staff , and the place is ultra vet friendly . lounge in the back and a lounge upstairs with plenty of space . you can byob . amazing place . every shop i go into is compared to fumar .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a friend brought me here . nice , quiet , hidden place . comfortable , relaxing . large cigar selection . byob", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best cigar lounge i 've been in . i 've been in lounges from la to d.c. and this place is freaking awesome ! ! ! i 'll drive 6 hours from cali just to come back ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice placing very friendly employees and clients prices are really good and they have a huge selection of the cigars . e-z parking and free water", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great environment with a large selection of cigars . always have something new along with the classics as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first , they have an awesome selection of cigars - everything from $ 4 perdomos to $ 20 high-end gurkhas and everything in between . if they do n't have it , you probably do n't need or want it . second - they have military lines of cigars , made by oliva . i ca n't speak for all of them , but the army cigar i had was one of the best mild smokes i 'd had in a while . i 'll make a point of picking them up every time i 'm in the area . third - staff was friendly , helpful , and not pushy at all . all in all , this is a perfect place to sit down , have a cigar , and watch sports or news . i 'd be in there every day if i lived in the area . as it is , i 'm going to make it a go-to place when we 're in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was given david 's contact from a friend of mine , i 've never been to their shop , but i utilized them for my annual charity golf tournament . not only did they provide excellent service , but they also worked with us on the price so we could provide premium options for our sponsors and patrons at a price that was reasonable for our charity . they set up a beautiful display during our registration and then moved the hole bar into our event space for the awards luncheon . they even provided a custom label for our sponsors ! i highly recommend working with them . just a great experience all around and am very grateful to have made this connection !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great cigar selection and even better service . thank you matt and fumar cigars for always taking great care of me when i 'm looking for the right stick . i highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding customer service ! great atmosphere , along with a great selection and knowledge on cigars ! al is the man , and treats you like a regular even on your first visit !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great shop ! i found this place when googled a shop in the area . when i arrived i was greeted by the west host director , brad , and he showed me around and suggested some great smokes . there overall selection is great and the customer service was exceptional . i enjoyed a cup of coffee and a cigar and have been returning since because of the customer service i received . the only reason it is not five star is the pricing is a bit higher than i am used to , but not too high considering the brotherhood that is present at the speakeasy . highly recommend this place , i am glad i found it and it is worth the extra 50cents i pay for a cigar . keep up the good work !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped by here on a whim heading out of phoenix . i 've visited at least 10 cigar bars in arizona and have seen a wide variety of levels of standards . the industrial compound where it 's located is pretty cool ! this place is big and has three separate lounges to smoke in . they do not serve alcohol but i believe you can bring your own . the owner dave is amazing , and a true patriot to the country . he has a shrine on the second floor for all the military support he has been apart of over the years . customer service is amazing ! cigar selection exceptional . a must visit . 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to hide from the world and take in a great cigar . built in the theme of the 1930s prohibition infused with havana cuba . this gem is hidden away in an industrial park , so you really are secluded . designed by a disney set team , it has multiple tv 's to catch the game . also , the humidor is massive with a great selection and knowlegable staff . bring you own eats . there is no foodservice here . they are a full-service cigar shop with all the bells and whistles . # vinosquared # vino2ultimate", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there is no finer cigar lounge around . the super knowledgable and friendly staff can get the perfect cigar for your taste and a really reasonable price point . the ownership is military friendly and offers a nice discount for their service . if you 're in the north part of the valley this is a must stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time visiting fumar cigars today . greg was super nice and answered allot of my questions . he gave several recommendations , which was helpful . lots of cigars to choose from . next time will hang out and check out the man cave . will be back for sure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection and help . also nice place to have a smoke and hang out and byob .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "welcoming staff and patrons . lots of chairs . multiple tv sets . small humidor cigar selection . funky , light industrial , warehouse area . combine churchill 's , at 67th 101 with this and you have a great spot to relax with a nice stick .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great dental office ! i was impressed with their bedside manner , education , and everyone seemed to be on top of the latest dental advances . they put my dental fear at east . definitely recommend ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed to replace a bridge that was installed by a different dentist about 15 years ago . i have a severe sleep disorder and dr dodaro stayed late to accommodate my handicap . i always am concerned about getting the novacaine shot more than anything but it was completely painless the way he did it . the new bridge is in and hopefully i will not be seeing the dentist for a long time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing ! ! ! they really care about their patients . they go out of their way to make sure you are comfortable . for any one who has had a bad experience with dentist i would definitely recommend this one . you wo n't be disappointed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went in for an implant constellation and 15 minutes later got a surprise $ 200 charge that insurance does n't cover but he reduced it down to $ 100 . nice guy , just wish they were more clear about prices beforehand .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "dr. leseur waived the consultation fee after speaking with him .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "dores inn had friendly staff , a fabulous whiskey selection , and delicious food . i 'm told the haggis is great , but i ca n't stomach the stuff : ) i had the pork belly and my husband had the haddock n ' chips . both were great ! i asked the bartender for a recommendation of a whiskey that i wo n't find in the states , something unique to the region , and he had a wonderful recommendation ( the laddie 10 ) and even recommended several ways to drink it to experience different flavors . i tried them all ! the inn has a fantastic view of the loch from the northern end with a great beach with smooth rocks . great for an after dinner stroll . the inn is also a five minute stumble away from the pottery house b & b , which in my opinion , is the most fantastic b & b ever .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this place is ideally located at the end of loch ness closest to inverness . there 's a good range of ales , whiskies and soft drinks in cans so you do n't have to drink soda fountain rubbish and a very nice menu . the problem with the menu is that it 's extremely expensive , with few if any main courses coming in under \u00a310 . in the end i opted just for a starter of hot smoked salmon and potato salad . apparently the mains ( sea bass , haggis ) were good so it 's a good option for a bit of a treat . the pebble beach turns into a track through the woods which is a great post drinking stroll .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the dores inn is a great wee pub with a cracking restaurant attached . the seats in the pub are not the most comfortable but if you are there for the craic ( that would be the banter to the uninitiated ) you do n't need a seat ! the food is top notch , service can appear slow but that 's because they are cooking your food not heating it up . you will need to book if it 's sunday afternoon in summer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a fine , romantic little family-run hideaway on the shore of loch ness which served a superb haggis and a rather nice fish & chips . a better ale selection could be had , but the food was great .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the best part about the dores inn is its location at the northern entrance of the lochness lake when coming in from the inverness city center . the dores inn has an outside patio that allows you to just relax over a nice scottish meal or even just over a nice cafe tea . the fish n'chips is pretty good and the people are very friendly . after going to dores i love walking the lochness lake as the serenity is just incredible . i make it a point to go here each time during my quarterly visits to inverness .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i came in after a 10-hour drive through the highlands . i was starved and needed a it of rest . even though i did not have reservations and they were booked for the night ( a rainy sunday ) , i was still able to have a meal at the bar . the service was friendly and prompt . lovely chat with the bartender which i sorely needed because i was traveling alone and needed the company . the food was excellent . i opted for the steak fillet ( medium ) and i have not had a steak in over a dozen years . it 's not what i usually order . it was amazing . the fries..er..chips were just right . be sure to check out the specials board . there were some items there that i wish i went for .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "quiet little bar restaurant on the banks of loch ness . the meals are great the staff are welcoming and friendly . there are tables outside on the banks of the loch . its a lovely peaceful ideal location for a quiet meal .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really friendly , real scottish staff , lovely . food is basic but well cooked and nothing to complain about , there is a range of whiskies and drinks in the famous little bar next to the eatery . the inn sits right next to loch ness and the crazy nessie hunter , who will sell you a hand made nessie relic ! if anything , well worth taking in the banter if you 're just passing by !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "leuke tent , lekker gegeten hier . het voorgerecht was prima , maar het hoofdgerecht viel me wat tegen . niet omdat het slecht gemaakt was , maar ik wilde de macaroni met kaas wel eens proberen die ik regelmatig op de kaart zag staan . tja . niet mijn ding . misschien dat wat blauwe kaas erdoor zou werken , maar goed . het dessert , een cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e , maakte weer helemaal duidelijk dat ze hier gewoon weten wat ze doen . ik kom hier zeker weer terug als ik in de buurt ben . en dan zonder macaroni and cheese .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fabulous meal ! we had a starter , soup , beef burger and chicken burger . all food was great ! the chips were very good -- favorite scottish chips so far . cream of mushroom soup was fantastic . enter via the bar . staff was very friendly and helpful .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we stopped at the dores inn after our tour of loch ness and had a lovely dinner there . it 's an adorable and quaint inn with a friendly staff . i had the highland cow and it was outstanding . the service did take a little bit , but that 's to be expected during busy times . we took in the views after our meal out near the beer garden . it was truly a magical experience ! i highly recommend if you 're wanting a meal in a slightly less touristy area , but still with great views of the loch !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "horrible customer service . extremely rude . the old bald headed employee needs to learn customer service and how to be polite .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "guy at the store kept eyeing me the entire time i was shopping here , as if i were to steal something . made for an incredibly uncomfortable experience . seems like they have an established pattern of being rude and lacking all sense of customer service and human decency .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the workers in this store are very creepy and you can find cheaper prices online . i looked on amazon and found the same items much more reasonably priced . i did n't really feel like it was worth the drive over to this store from my side of town . hopefully they can change their pricing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love this store ! ! and the people that work here are amazing and helpful ! ! if your looking for super cool train stuff this is your store ! my uncle is a big train collector and buys all of his trains here and i came here to buy his christmas gift and when i come to arizona again ill defiantly be back ! ! thanks papa dan for a great experience ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here a few times , this shop is interesting and there is a lot to look at if you want to waste time . also one of the only shops i have found that have gundam models at reasonable prices . i did see the news release on this place , but honestly , it just seems like one person who had a vendetta and called the news because they did n't get their way . also , huge hot wheels collection . not into hot wheels , but that 's apparently a thing . the staff was really nice , there 's a girl with red hair who was super helpful , she helped me search through things for quite a while when others probably would have lost patience xd .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric is a local punctual professional pool technician . with years of backyard watering hole maintenance ( fine tuned to the vegas desert ) he can devise and apply an up keep schedule , leaving you worry free . to the utterly clueless like myself , he was a god send .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been searching for a while and i finally found a pool service that knows what they are doing . no more cloudy pool ! thank you so much ! i recommend them to everyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very professional company . fair priced with high quality service . they fixed everything that was needed when i thought everything was too far gone to save . extremely happy customer . highly recommended .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been going through aqua man pool for about a year . i 'm so happy i found eric . he 's never let me down . he 's always on time and my pool has never looked better . i highly recommend getting your pool looked at by him .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great pool service ! after two years battling pool on my own worth every penny to hand it over to aqua man .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just started working with eric but he 's super communicative and prompt . i 'm really happy i found him and he 's worked really hard to get my pool up and running . being new to vegas it 's hard finding good people , but i think i hit the jackpot with this one .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when aquaman first started servicing my pool , it was kind of messed up . he set the pool straight and it had been blue water for almost two years now . he always checks the chemicals . and when the old equipment started to give out , he got everything up and running again with fair costs and minimal down time . the pool did not turn green or get filthy . i hear a lot about pool cleaners being unreliable or untrustworthy , but aquaman has never let me down . my pool is in great condition thanks to their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "eric has been cleaning my pool for about a year now . not only did he fix the mistakes of the last guy , but i have n't had any problems sense !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i can not rave enough about this guy . he was always on time , knowledgeable , and friendly . i can genuinely say that he has saved me so much money just by being informative and attentive . definitely the best pool-guy experience i have ever had . 5 stars , would recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hired eric to clean and maintain my pool off a recommendation from a friend . i had been trying to maintain it myself and i 'm so glad i hired him - my pool has n't looked this clean in years ! he is punctual , knowledgeable , and friendly . he is also great with my 2 large dogs so i am comfortable having him come to clean my pool even when i 'm not home . i would recommend giving him a call !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "aquaman pool care has done an amazing job with my pool and spa . eric is always available to assist with any questions and concerns . the level of attention to customer service is unmatched . before an issue arises they are already coming up with a solution . this is my first pool and i have had no worries because they take such good care of us . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very responsive . called them and someone answered the phone immediately and was very straightforward regarding pricing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where do i start ? ... eric is very professional , knowledgeable and wants to make sure you get the most out of what you pay for . he 's prompt , always gives you a courtesy text for monthly payments and is very flexible around your schedule . so glad we chose him to be our `` pool guy '' .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this company is great ! i found them with 5 stars on yelp i like that they answered the phone ! i liked that they gave us a fair estimate when they came out and now that we hired them i like that they clean on the same day every week and that they text a half hour before they clean the pool . i like they are reliable and show up and do a great job for a fair price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "roasted in house ... hand picked beans ... what more could you ask for ? best coffee in ne ohio !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what an amazing place ! the two owners work tirelessly side by side , roasting their own gourmet blends of coffee . you can buy the beans or ground . does n't get any fresher .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing gem in kent . perhaps the best roasted coffee in northeastern ohio and definitely worth the effort to hunt down a cup . . . or two .. .or three . . .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "impromptu stop for lunch with small kids . pizza , salad , homemade soup and spaghetti on the buffet . total win for our family . pizza was thin and crispy . salad toppings were fresh and lots of choice . banana pudding and chocolate pudding for dessert . several new pizzas came out shortly after we arrived . pretty busy for a saturday lunch . priced right too .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a family member recommended this place for a casual chill dinner one night . of course i always check yelp reviews so i was a little skeptical . it 's nothing fancy and we all chose the buffet which includes a variety of pizzas , a salad bar , spaghetti and a few dessert options . they have tables and booths available , fountain drinks , water , sweet and unsweetened tea . you order upon walking in , receive your empty drink cup and if you choose buffet you help yourself . i grabbed two slices of cheese pizza , not the best , not the worst i 've ever had . the salad bar was solid though . it came with all sorts of options , pasta salad , mini corn , jalapeno cheese cubes , banana peppers and all sorts of other fun stuff . the ranch and bleu cheese were amazing and i was told those dressings are homemade . yum ! overall , 3 stars but 5 stars for the salad bar !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "your average neighborhood pizza joint . great for kids , or , if you 're not a pizza snob like me , great for families . they have a buffet , and the service is very friendly . the place is also kept spotless , which is a big plus . the negative is that the pizza is n't that great . not bad , but not great . and the italian food is simplistic . for example , you wo n't say , `` they have amazing sauce . '' a lot will depend on your pizza standards . if you 're not a pizza freak , check it out .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "my favorite pizza . i was so excited when i found out a cornelius location had opened up . great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't had village inn pizza in 18yrs and they are still doing it right ! ! ! walked in and they made all the pizzas we wanted hot and fresh . love this new location and will def . be back drove 25 mins to get there and it was well worth it ! ! staff is extra friendly and nice makes you feel like your home with family !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not at all a pizza snob ( i even eat the cheap frozen ones without complaint ! ) but their pizza really is terrible ... the three stars is for the salad bar which is absolutely fantastic and fresh with so many options !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "definitely not impressed . this is our 2nd order as we wanted to give them a second chance . i 'm sure it 's much better when you eat there , but our takeout was not good . cheese not melted completely and sliding off of the crust from the ridiculous amount of sauce . pizza was not cut . bottom was burned . just not worth the 32 dollars we paid for 2 medium 1 topping pizzas .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went yesterday with a co-worker . it was n't bad , but it was n't great . they kept the buffet stocked , but most of the pizzas had burnt ( burned ? lol ) crust and there was n't much of a variety . i do n't expect gourmet pizza from a buffet , so i will probably give them another shot .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "so i wish i had caught the guy 's name that greeted us at the door and checked on us during our meal . actually everyone that was working today on sunday afternoon should be recognized . the customer service was amazing , the food was more than excellent , and the prices were reasonable . this was our first time here , and it is now the place i will go to for pizza ! ! you are now my fav ... if i could give you more stars i would . the salad bar was awesome and everything was so good . if i could give more than five stars i would . if you are torn on where to go for pizza , go go go go ! the buffet is reasonable and included spaghetti , amazing soup , salad , bread , pizza , and dessert ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as we were staying here at the marriott we decided to have burgers at `` burger city '' at the regatta bar & grill . when you call yourself a burger place you should first have good burgers . the patties seemed to be premade , probably frozen , they were identical . i asked for mine med well the other requested med rare , the were both cook well done . i ordered mine topped with an egg which are normally served over easy or sunny side up so that the yolk runs over the burger . the egg on mine was cooked over hard , the yolk was just a firm lump . the french fries were limp and soggy . i 'd suggest that if you eat here , try something other than a burger ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the hotel bar restaurant at the marriott . it 's right in the lobby . i 've been here a few times ; it 's ok . they have your typical `` tgi friday 's '' type of menu except everything is more expensive . my biggest gripe about this place is that it is always packed ( at least the times i 've been there ) and you ca n't always get a seat or a table . maybe i just have bad timing but on my most recent visit , i wanted to grab a quick dinner and not leave the hotel but was unable to do so . being popular is n't the place 's fault but it stinks when you ca n't eat here . the food i 've had has just been ok .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "long day and the celebration have n't even begun . i dropped my bag off and went to the hotel for a drink and a bite to eat . the bartender was really friendly and checked on me frequently . i ordered a bloody mary and it was n't to bad . for my meal i ordered the pittsburgh salad with salmon for $ 18 . i must say this salad was huge it was loaded with eggs , salmon and fries . this is n't bad for a hotel restaurant", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the place was busy on . saturday night ..there were two wedding receptions and maybe they have staffed more but who knows ... maybe they have to watch their hppt ... if you are reading this you no idea what i am talking about", "score": "3"}
{"review": "started off as a fun replacement bar for our charger fans but apparently bringing in 50-70 people extra a week who buy food , drink , and some gamble is not enough to add an additional bartender and waitress to expedite service . when gm eric tells you we are not making enough money for them charger fans get the hint . new home a lot better and welcoming .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wo n't be going to brewske 's any more - apparently we charger fans were n't spending enough . adios ! good luck with your sundays now . go bolts !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for bars this is good as it gets . friendly bartenders . the pool tables are free . i did n't order the chicken nachos but it looked huge . the bartenders recommend stuff you never had before like bananas foster shot 's . and the drinks are strong at nicely priced . the top shelf is stocked as well . and sports and news are on the tv . its in the same lot as tcs rib crib . eat ribs and then get a few beers . this will be my bar from now on .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "since this place was in my ( new ) neighborhood & on the recommendation of a friend , i decided to check it out . it has become my 'cheers . ' the bartenders are friendly . the service is great . i 'm glad i finally stopped by . the menu is adequate and tasty . the kitchen is open late too . i was told they are under new management ( about the last 2 months ) . it certainly shows . this is a hidden gem in spring valley .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , this was the oddest `` pop in '' experience ... not sure how to rate it . brewske 's in a nice place . it 's comfortable . the people know each other and are friendly . the bartender was cool and have way too much fun . the menu is extremely casual in a `` you belong here '' way . our food took 35 minutes ( for a wrap and a sandwich ) . i 'd be a little upset about that , but my mustard chicken sandwich was one of the best hings i 've even eaten and the fries are fantastic . prices are on par with the area , if not a bit lower . i will deff be back soon and will absolutely update the review . i want to like brewske 's and i think that i really will after a few visits .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this review stems from sampling their food from bite of las vegas so take it for what it 's worth . they offered sliders are their tent , a jameson glazed burger slider w onions & a philly slider . they came out fresh & were very tasty . the quality was so good we are def interested in going in for the full dining experience . def worth checking out for the food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decent bar , no complaints ! the bartender , kat , was very friendly , and whipped up some shots she called , `` kat 's vagina '' , which were actually pretty tasty . free pool tables , and some fun video games . i did n't eat the food , but everyone there who ordered food enjoyed it . it 's pretty smokey , but it is a bar , so that 's to be expected .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "worst service i 've ever received . the bartender was drunk and had no idea how to make any of the drinks or shots i wanted . he had to look them up on my phone and they still tasted nothing like they were supposed to . the bartenders and waitresses ignored us pretty much the entire night . when they finally took our order they told us they ran out of pitchers . i 'm sorry , what ? you 're a bar and you ran out of pitchers ? wow ! ! never again will i return to this bar , they give local bars a bad name .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "finally found a local spot where the bartender 's not a d ck and they have some more options than just heavy bar food . got the chicken and avocado salad and it 's not gourmet or anything but way better than most dives . and they have jameson on happy hour , my favorite ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "while the bartenders are usually great , the owner 's policies are horrible . after gambling over $ 170 and having four shots ( which are now served in a thimble ) and a club soda , i get handed a tab for two of the four for $ 13 . forget it stewart , i 'm done with your crappy customer service . i would rather go to bars where the bartenders actually are allowed to be real gaming bartenders . another point stewart , if the staff turn over at one of your locations is consistently high , a new one about every three weeks , maybe it 's time for you , the owner , to reevaluate your policies .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "since the start of the football season this bar claimed to tailor to ny giant 's fans . we went there 2 weeks ago and had a decent time . the bar was n't really busy and we were able to get a seat at the bar . we went back today and found out the owners do n't want to cater to the giant 's fans and they are non-denominational - say 's melissa ( bartender ) . they took the banner down that said `` home of the ny giant 's '' . many patrons , including us , said we will not be going back as melissa said she can not guarantee the game sound will be be on . pretty rotten to change things up mid season . thought we found a new place , but we 'll have to keep looking . on a good note , they have $ 1 sliders and $ .50 cent wings during the game . the sliders are tasty !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "spot is cool ... some hip hop rnb playing ... good prices on drinks ... have n't ordered any food but cool atmosphere ... some pool tables..good place to kick it at ... james is a good bartender", "score": "4"}
{"review": "super cool bar . new menu is perfect . short . concise . and affordable . the machines are hot . most days . drop by . they will hook you up .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i just learned my friend dan would no longer be the gm here , and that makes me a little sad ... i really thought he was doing a great job here , and i wanted to come here because i thought he was turning it around . i will still come on graveyard to see carey ujhely , because he 's a great graveyard guy , but whether it 's right around the corner from my house or not , i just want consistency . as a player i do n't want a new bartender every other day , i can play any other place . good luck in your endeavors lodge group , but please give me more of a reason to come here", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you want to feel right at home with a great bar come here ! service is amazing . gina and nick are amazing and are beyond on top of their jobs . if you wait more than a minute for a drink when you walk in the door ... ..that 's rare ! great atmosphere , free pool , and great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice locals bar to go for a drink or watch a game . the burgers here are very good , above average for bar food . plenty of machines also for video poker .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "met some nice customers , the boss was nice . bartenders were cool . had the french toast . very filling .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "came here last night to check out one of the bars in the area that is n't your traditional timbers . pros : bartender ( juan ) was super nice , suggested a signature drink he makes called apples & oranges that we all thought was tasty . space was open , lots of tables and seating available . for bar food ? pretty tasty . the sweet potatoes fries had a nice little kick . cons : music.. old rap and r & b . did not fit the pub setting . at all . the service was very slow.. waited about half an hour to even be able to order our drinks , and then the bartender came back about ten minutes later to make sure we had valid id . ca n't blame the guy since he was the only one working and had at least twenty customers . but still . very slow . price . for a beer , gin , and order of sweet potatoes $ 20 . during happy hour ? little steep if you ask me..", "score": "3"}
{"review": "sadly , this did not meet our expectations as a charger bar . the first 2 weeks were great , then we were no longer wanted . we have found a new home .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent ! ! stop in there very often , bartenders are like family ! erik amber gina dustylee jamie ! try the food here too ! great job", "score": "5"}
{"review": "compared to other options in the area , brewskes is just a dated , overpriced dive bar . the menu has improved , but everything else ( including the atmosphere ) makes you wonder how they can justify chrginng the prices they do . there are much nicer places .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place , the inside is pretty large , a little deceiving from the outside . several pool tables , towards the west end there 's quite a few more secluded tables and the bar reaches around that way too . cool and personable bartender , i think his name was graham . very smoky in side , i think about every one in there had 3 cigs hanging from their mouths ... good if you 're a coal miner , bad if you 're not . seemed like a decent enough place to grab a drink and bullshit with friends , but we did n't try any food so ca n't review on that ... beer was cold and decently priced . i think i paid $ 5 for a 24 ounce tall draft .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "when i first moved to vegas all i wanted was a place to find some familiar faces . my boyfriend and i started playing pool here a few days a week . the bartenders learned our names and drinks and made sure the pool table was open for us . the people here gave me a little spot to feel at home after moving across the country from everyone i know . the changes in management are shaky ( not sure what 's going on , but we do love dan ) , but everyone continues to remember us and show us kindness so we wo n't be leaving any time !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great power hour on saturday ! ! ! they have guinness on draft . yessssss ! the bartender even put the sound on for the game we are watching ! ! ! great neighborhood bar ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "machines were good ! bartender was very attentive and drink was never empty . ordered mac abd cheese casserole and hangover burger to go . we will see", "score": "4"}
{"review": "although we had front row seats for a crash this evening , this place is awesome . we were new here today and they welcomed us into the fold as if we were norm from cheers . i love vegas for this reason and this bar is a nice little place to go where everyone will at some point know your name and then buy you shots of jameson in appreciation : - ) a nice place to drop the bf off as i get my lashes done and its a win-win for both !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome late place to grab a bite to eat . better than your usual place in my opinion . they have a different selection from pts so i enjoy it here . it has pool tables and plenty of space to hang out and conversate with girls . always open . and close to home .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service has gotten much better . i ca n't comment on the draft beer since i ordered bottle beer . fool me once . the burger i ordered was pretty good . i 've never come here at night so i ca n't comment on the crowd , but it looks and smells clean which is pretty good for an older bar that allows smoking . they really need wifi . i mean everyplace has free wifi even mcdonald 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food and great atmosphere my local . you shouldnt miss this one if your passing throu glenrothes", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is great for a bar lunch or dinner . good food at reasonable prices . sometimes the staff are a bit slow but in general it 's not bad . the owners have changed a couple of times as well so things may be a little different . the function suite here holds 150 people and is usually booked up well in advance for wedding receptions and birthday parties . it 's reasonably priced for a function and my family and i have held four functions here . the buffet prices are good and the food served is of a high standard . there has been some recent refurbishment in the function suite with a new , beautifully crafted wooden bar being added and the decor receiving a lick of paint . the dancefloor is being upgraded as well . the function suite has an outside area for smokers or if it 's a wedding reception photographs can be taken on the patio area . the car park seems adequate for the size of the place even though most people get dropped off and take a taxi home !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "local pub that has very busy lunch trade . lunch is freshly prepared and doesnt seem to be prepacked stuff . probably best driven to as it is not that near to much else . never had a duff lunch", "score": "4"}
{"review": "familia dentistry contacted me . but you see unless they are willing to pay for me to get work done elsewhere to fix what they did to my mouth . i 'm not interested in being contacted by them . they really did horrible work . and caused more harm than good . no more dirty dentist office full of infections for me ! and no more sloppy dentistry . or unnecessary procedures that are irreversible done with no explanation . and thank goodness i wo n't be insulted and put down by a mean dentist any more . i should have never gone to familia dentistry ! but like i said you want to pay for me to have a different dentist office fix what you did contact me . if not dont ! and i do know a couple very good dentists , and they do n't work at familia !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it smells like urine in their lobby . their dental assistants nurses are unprofessional . they have poor phone manors , and some of them have bad attitudes . they", "score": "1"}
{"review": "after living here to over two years now all i can say is i love city scape residences . it 's in the heart of the growing downtown and so close great food and drink spots . the amenities are great , and being able to use the hotel pool and services are an amazing bonus . the leasing team and maintaince are all rock stars and get any job done . the other residence are very friendly and are a great mix of young and older professionals that are all very pleasant to live with and making it a great place to live .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't reside at cityscape , but i sure wish i did ! i have been here several times visiting friends and attending events over the past year . every time i arrive , the entire community is in impeccable shape . seriously , i do n't know if they have an around the clock maid that does nothing but clean non-stop , or maybe an army of roombas that vacuum the halls constantly , but it always looks and smells amazing . i have visited a lot of other downtown phoenix high-rise type communities and it usually looks like a dumpster has rolled through their hallways . not cityscape , it is always on point ! not only is the community always beautiful , but so is the staff ! from the security person at the front , to the office members , they are always smiling , friendly and accommodating . i have never once had a negative run in with them and they have always been super helpful ! when my lease is up next year , i will definitely be looking at cityscape for my next home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic place to live ! right smack downtown , nice apartments , fantastic views and a wonderful staff . the fitness center is great , the pool beautiful and with 4 elevators , i rarely have to wait . the doormen know me by name and always have a smile and a good word . it 's a pleasure to live here- it definitely feels like home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had to file a bbb complaint , but they are giving me a full refund on my application . kudos to travis at cityscape residences . i ended up at 44 monroe for a bit cheaper and seemingly just as nice .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this apartment complex is as centrally located as possible . the customer service from the leasing staff , security guards , valets and concierges is amazing . the units are fully upgraded with custom cabinets , wood floors and high ceilings . the views are also the best in phoenix . you 'll pay for all these things as the rents are high , but they 're definitely worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love living here ... it is a spectacular property , the service is amazing , and i could n't be happier ! ! living downtown has been a longtime dream of mine ... and cityscape residences has far surpassed my expectations ! ! # iheartcityscape # allianceliving", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this was a perfect place to live , particularly because it was located directly across from my law school . many good restaurants are located nearby , and many of them give a discount to residents . the staff is friendly , and i really enjoy having a gym and pool in the residence . it is across from chase field and talking stick arena , so it 's extremely convenient if you are a sports fan . it is worth checking out !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is amazing , the place to live in phoenix . i searched for apartments for months and all of them were lacking something to me ... that is until i stepped into cityscape . i signed a lease overnight !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cityscape has been the best apartment rental experience i 've ever had . it all starts with the location ... walking distance to the light rail , baseball and concert venues , and the multitiude of restaurants and bars . second is the staff ... they are simply fantastic . travis anchors the team as the gm ... he knows what he 's doing and it shows . lindsay and jazmin are incredible and run the day-to-day office work . all three of them get issues resolved as soon as possible . finally , the concierge staff are great ... latisha and joseph are very good at what they do , they enjoy interacting with the residents and are always helpful . thank you travis and company , for a great time at your building . if it was n't for a job relocation , i 'd still be there for many years .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "high rise living at its finest ! being steps from dining , shopping , entertainment and more is just one of the perks ! a 24 hour access pool and entry to the hotel palomar 's pool are n't such a bad perk either ! a variety of floor plans make finding the perfect new home a breeze , you just have to decide which view you want ! pet friendly building with no weight limit on dogs for us large dog owners ( very hard to find ! ! ) . gas stove , wood flooring , quality appliances and more !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i loved living here ! the main reason i left , was because my new job was further up north next to scottsdale quarter . the level of customer service here is something to really brag about . the staff , including the office manager travis are absolutely amazing . not to mention the amenities and the perks of living next to the diamondbacks and suns stadium . oh ! they also give you tickets for those events and others . i would highly recommend this residence to anyone that likes upscale living ! it 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly this is the best place i have ever lived . the staff members always are excited to help and have made living here very enjoyable ! the location is perfect and has everything you need within walking distance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best looking amenities nicest staff awesome experience to sum it all up in just one word : spectacular . everything is so new and and clean and inviting", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is an incredible place to live ! my husband and i lived there for almost a year and man i wish we did n't have to move ! it was incredible ! the service is amazing from the doorman to travis the manager , everything is perfect ! the views are incredible . the amenities are out of this world . walking distance to everything ! i honestly would live here in a heartbeat again if you could buy one ! we have lived in several scottsdale high end rentals including the optima which are all subpar compared to cityscape residences . the prices are amazing for what you get ! loved it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love living here ! ! just signed another 15 month lease . we have been living in a spacious one bedroom facing south . the view is breath taking-all the way to south mountain ! ! now will be living in a beautiful two bedroom corner unit - lots of ceiling to floor windows looking north and west . this city view is just as spectacular ! ! all the amenities at cityscape residences are top notch ! and the added benefit of the palomar hotel and the convenience of six quality restaurants all within the same building ! and plenty to do all in walking distance ! from the moment you walk in the luxurious lobby , you know you are in a special place . from the friendly concierge , personable leasing office headed up by travis and spotless interior thanks to robert and his team- this is what pampering feels like !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love living at cityscape ... .upscale living , friendly staff , they love our pets , provide excellent concierge services and anything you need is within walking distance . the perks are top notch and so is the lifestyle ! - 5 stars", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've lived at cityscape residences going on two years now , and i 'd recommend it to anyone ( and often do ) who wants the convenience of downtown `` walkable '' life , with easy access to nightlife , restaurants , entertainment venues and more . the physical building is beautiful and well-maintained inside and out , and the pool area is gorgeous and rarely crowded . i 've looked at other options downtown , and there 's nothing currently available anywhere near this quality level . what really makes living here special , though , is the staff . travis ( building manager ) sets the tone for service , and jazmin , ashley and the whole team are great . the doormen ( doorpersons ? ) are awesome too , they make it super friendly and convenient to live here , they 'll text you when you receive packages , hold them for you , and give you a friendly greeting any time you pass by . needless to say , i 'm a big fan !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "class act . extremely well managed . no system or communication problems . convenient location . easy access .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "lived here only a few months but love it so far ! exactly where i want to be . awesome staff and perfectly located in the heart of downtown .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've lived here for 4 months , and it 's by far the best building i 've ever lived in . the staff is phenomenal , the building is secure , and the amenities are second to none .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cityscapes is a great downtown location for phoenix . they have front door service and room service from the blue hound . very nice views .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing place to live . great views of downtown phoenix . access to two pools . unique delicious restaurants are a short walk away . i love being able to walk across the street to catch a suns game . there is always something fun going on because of the location . it 's also a beautiful building with helpful and friendly staff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i hate food shopping period . i hate going even more , when you 're surrounded by superficial hipsters n vegans ( no offense ) . they have a huge selection of gf foods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sorry , no . rude wannabee limousine hippies careening carts past ( or through ) if you do n't move at their particular speed , horrible management , and ridiculous prices - $ 2 a pound higher on meats i 've queried just today . this overpricing is consistent across most of what whole paycheck offers . there are far better sources in madison . farmers ' market for one - you know , the guys wf purports to offer , all while buying `` organic '' by the ocean freighters-full from unknown , unchecked , sources in china ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "while i agree with people who call it `` whole paycheck , '' and that many of the items are overpriced , wfmm has a wide selection of unusual , organic , non-gmo certified , and special-diet options ( vegan in the house , what up ) . plus , the madison store has the sweetest classes . seriously , have you seen them ? cooking classes , beer tastings , henna tattoo workshops ... check it ( http : www.wholefoodsmarket.com events ? store=6611 ) last but not least , bicycle benefits members receive $ 5 off $ 30 in groceries . now that 's something i can get behind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "might not be as big as others , but they do alright by me . their connection to the community and local farmers is extensive given that they 're so corporate , and the staff i 've encountered has always been friendly and helpful . their hot bar ca n't be beat if you need a quick lunch and they have some killer bottles of vino expertly priced . i agree with bobb s that it has some serious fishy offerings and if you 're ok paying a premium for great beef , that stuff rocks too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's expensive , it 's classist , it 's overwhelmingly mat salleh , wai lo , haole , all that . it 's also never never ever disappointed me when it comes to the produce section . on my way to buy most of my groceries at a cheaper place i stop at whole foods for the produce , and the white cheddar popcorn . honey crisp apples are excellent , sweet , juicy , firm and not grainy . excellent . the mandarin oranges are great , the grapes sweet and refreshing , and they carry pomelo fruit . they also carry fresh turmeric root , lemon grass , and various peppers and chilis . they let you taste many of their different produce selections , and their guacamole is decent . the rest of the store ? i have no idea .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have only been to this particular whole foods twice , and it is likely that i will not return ! i like whole foods in general , however this particular store has employees who seem to think they are inconvenienced by doing their job . the first time i went , a lady left her disgusting coffee cup on the check out counter ( where i would need to place my items ) . this second time , while checking out the cashier asked for `` a little help unloading the basket '' which is only appalling because there was no one in line in front of or behind me . i actually normally unload the basket ( which btw had all of 5 items in it ) , but i figured i 'd save us both time by allowing her to do her job without waiting for me to go through the unnecessary steps . she proceeded to slam my receipt down on the counter rather than put it in the bag or simply hand it to me . disappointing . i will not be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "a small store by wfm standards but a decent selection nonetheless . meat department and cheese counter are the clear winners , prepared foods good as well . produce leaves something to be desired . the staff is friendly and consists of the typically eclectic whole foods bunch . they tried to build a bigger store in 2006 but the economic crisis stopped them . hope they resurrect those plans . a little trivia - they only whole foods to ever go union , albeit briefly . also i 'm surprised that many people who live in madison do n't know there is a whole foods . my opinion is that whole foods and the coop can coexist .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "two words : free samples ! hallelujah ! this is the one thing that i wish the co-op offered more of . it makes the whole `` shopping while hungry '' thing non-existent . maybe that 's why they do n't do it , but wf is great about letting me snack while i shop ! i agree with other reviewers that this place is way , way , way too small and the parking lot makes me want to get violent . however , i love the fresh produce and the wide array of products . they have banana babies here , which makes me one happy lady ! i think the staff could be a tad friendlier . i feel like i am a pleasant person to have a conversation with , or at least acknowledge , but there have been multiple times when i have been in line and the cashier will have not said one word to me ( even when i say hi ) . but i guess i am going there for food , not lively conversation , so i only subtracted one star for that .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "omg it 's so tiny ! i 've never been in a whole foods so small . is there an upstairs that i missed ? because it 's so small it 's always crowded , the coffee is always empty and the selection is n't quite that of other locations ( especially the floral department which is usually outstanding at whole foods but at this location is pretty dismal ) but they still have outstanding merchandise and i did make a new discovery the last time i was there of a new favorite product . but honestly , i think i 'll stick to metcalfe 's .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this store pretends to care about the environment by offering a bag credit for not using one of their disposable shopping bags , yet refuses to give you a bag credit if you do n't need a bag at all ! the cashier told me the incentive was for 'bringing in your own bag ' which apparently is taken completely literally . the cashier refused me a credit even though i could hand carry my 4 items out the door . it 's too bad she and this store could not see the bigger picture and reward customers for minimizing waste and thinking about how we can help the environment . very disappointing , whole foods ...", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really like the new whole foods that just opened in morristown . it is really big spacious and clean ! ! ! the employees seem to be soooo much more educated than the madison ones who constantly are speaking some french dialect ! i could care less what they speak , but it is rude to do and worse when you know you are doing it infant of customers who are waiting ! ! keep it going whole foods morristown ! ! update- please read my latest review regarding the madison nj whole foods ! ! ! stay away from the madison location ! ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "yeah yeah , this place is pricey , but they have a wide selection of cakes and pies ! and they 're mouthwatering and so gooooooooodddddd ! come here if you wan na have some good cakes !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you can get past the questionable labor practices and your knee-jerk anti-corporate philosophy , whole foods has a pretty decent selection of organic food . deli sucks balls though . and you can quote me on that .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love you , madison whole foods . the lady that sliced my meat was very down to earth and friendly . i love going here . my only complaint would be- i wish the store was even larger . i too , am not crazy about the layout . and yes , driving around that area is a bit of a headache . we usually come from the west and then you have to sneak behind the building to get to the intersection when leaving . the prices did n't seem unreasonable and the produce and flowers were fresh . my husband loves the whole foods brand shampoo . you buy it in a large 32 container and it lasts him ... a long time .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if whole foods was anywhere close to the realm of reasonably priced , they 'd be an instant 5 stars in my book . i think the quality of the products they sell is excellent . i also have to eat a gluten-free diet , and they sell lots of tasty gluten-free baked goods of which i partake frequently . however , i could never afford to do my regular grocery shopping at whole foods . i know some pretty wealthy people who ca n't even afford whole foods . why is is so expensive ? ! also , why is the parking lot so small ? otherwise , whole foods is great .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "only a three star for me . i understand the importance of this store to our community . they have a nice selection of items . but , as long as that store has been there , it needs a make-over . the store itself is tooooooo small . the isles are awful . people rush past you , do n't move or just stop right in front of you . all because there is nowhere to go . bigger store , bigger selection , bigger isles . of course , this is just my opinion .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "bonus : they treat their employees well . good benefits + sustainable living wage = good place to vote with your dollars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "anyone who gives this place more than mediocre review is asleep . i have been avoiding it for years , having visited several times when it first came here , finding it overpriced and over-hyped . nothing has changed . went there yesterday for two simple items . wife went in for a baguette and a pint of blueberries and paid $ 6.99 for same . turned out the twerp at the till charged us double for the blueberries . noted that same pint for which he charged us $ 4.00 cost exactly $ 4 for two pints at woodmans , so how he got $ 4.00 for one pint i do n't know . oh well , not worth returning for the contest . then we planned the baguette as part of our lunch . it was flat out terrible . not only was it not even close to fresh , but it would have been lousy if it had been straight out of the oven , as it had no flavor at all . it appears that these guys can fool at least some of the people some of the time .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "this place used to be great . the hot food was always good and fresh . the cold sandwiches were consistently delicious . now , it 's just a collection of shortcuts . the mac & cheese is watery . the sonoma chicken salad has the most gigantic pieces of chicken , and the strange watery mayo they use just drips out of the tortilla . ick . i do n't know what happened , but quality control has gone downhill . not a place i 'll frequent anymore . except maybe for the chocolate chip cookies .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "it 's a whole foods with all the normal goodies , as another review put it . their sushi is above average for grocery store fare , and their deli is consistently good . they also have a consistently terrifying parking lot , so i do n't go often . if you have a subaru and look lost most of the time , this is probably where you want to do your shopping .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "having never been to a whole foods before , [ i know , i know ! ] i felt like it was high time to visit the notorious joint . basically , it 's awesome . produce is pretty stellar , with great selections of everyday items at reasonable prices . i was expecting sky high markups for the organic fruits and veg , but was pleasantly surprised . the staff is incredible , [ some packers were helping me find some miso paste , and were the msot friendly guys ever ! ] and the store smells so good . i want to try some brown rice sushi and the salad bar sometime ! ! ! parking is a decent sized lot , but people were scrambling to find a space .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is your typical wf . i was bribed to come here through a yelp check in offer . not a great one but when there are a lot of options for grocers in the area it makes a difference . the offer was for a free small tote and they only had a full size . customer service was nice enough and they allowed me to have it . their prices on meats are ridiculously higher compared to similar stores . prices on non organic produce are also higher . wf has a few specialty products that some other stores of the similar line do n't carry and that would be the only reason that i would go back .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great whole foods . especially noteworthy is their large and thoughtful selection of artisanal cheeses from wisconsin ( the chevre is amazing ) . love the baked-in-madison potter 's crackers . the salad bar is good but not as well stocked as other whole foods . the bakeshop is good and has items from local bakers . the parking lot is a disaster and a danger to other drivers and pedestrians .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a while back i had a pre-made sandwich here . tuna on raisin toast . hey , whatever i will give it a shot ? pretty darn good ! so good i have come back just for it . on my most recent visit i did not see one for sale and settled on a turkey on whole grain . $ 5.99 . ugh . it was the most depressing item of food i can recall ever eating . to call it bland is an insult to bland foods . the bread was like cardboard ( sorry to people that like to eat cardboard ) and the lettuce and tomato looked at least a day old . after eating this sandwich i lost most of my faith in food of any kind . after reading reviews here perhaps i should have just walked around for free samples . i must admit the store is clean and they do have friendly employees if not the most dismal sandwich on earth .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this whole foods is pretty good ! it is a little small , but there are always a ton of free samples out . i 'm always happy when i leave this store ! they have a nice selection of beers too . it is terrible getting into the store if you are coming from campus . the u-turns are a nightmare ! whole foods , please use your hippie clout and get a turn lane put in to access the parking lot .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "bought local chocolate gail ambrosious chocolate truffles here . from gail or willy st . it 's 22.00 . here ? 26.99 . wow , 25 % markup after retail ? ? ? ? whole paycheck .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love this whole food location . i 've been to several wf stores , but this one has a warm and welcoming feel . it 's a smaller store than other wf stores you may have been in before ( and the parking lot is a stressful battlefield of `` survival of the fittest '' , but it 's all worth it . whole foods is pricey , as we all know , but i actually think it beats my other favorite ( i.e . willy street co-op ) . their deserts are some of the best in town and their deli is fantastic . the prepared food is tasty and their salad bar is actually tasty ( which is sometime a difficult task ) . when it 's in season , do n't miss the fresh salmon . it 's the best in town .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have a love hate relationship with this whole foods , only because i know how vast and amazing they can be . the highlight of this store ( for its size ) is definitely the hot food and salad bar , along with their prepared food . tons of options , always fresh , and not too expensive . one thing that really bugs me is that even thought the store is small , it 's difficult to find products ( usually the ones that have coupons that week ) , and even when i ask an associate , it takes us a decent amount of time to find it together . i 've heard their breakfast is killer , especially on the weekends , so i 'll be making my way back to check that out soon . i also really want to try one of their cooking classes !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this location is pretty small and definitely does n't have a good wine selection . there is lots of local beer and the employees are all pretty friendly , especially in the bakery area . however , the clientele is so incredibly rude . i do n't know what it is , but the people who shop here are so self centered that they ca n't even be troubled to say `` excuse me '' when they bump into you . the other huge drawback is that this whole foods does n't deliver ! they are really losing business because metcalfe 's , hy-vee and others deliver and have for awhile . i live in chicago but my elderly parents live in madison and it would be great if they could get whole foods products at their door . maybe now that amazon is buying whole foods , things will change .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , great service . quality is always top notch . what you pay is a little more but it is worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great selection and believe it or not my specific yogurt and kefir is cheaper there than at walmart ! also love their bakery selection . only downside is the tight isles within the store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it 's a whole foods . not a lot to complain about here . wish they 'd de-bone the salmon better , though . lost count of how many times i 've nearly choked .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what 's special about this location is they carry the kickapoo brand coffee !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love ! love ! love this place ! but what 's with all the tattoos and facial piercings on the people behind the cash registers ? it appears as a requirement , if you want to work there . not very professional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you get 4 stars for your fig , prosciutto and arugula pizza . cheers", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i ca n't help it . i 'm going to have to disagree with the other people who reviewed whole foods , even the one i happen to share a house with . i love everything in this place starting and ending with the samples . did you know that if you ask an employee about a particular food they are allowed to open it for you to try ? best tip ever .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome . exclpt it 's way too small . we need like 20 more of these statewide . la crosse first please", "score": "5"}
{"review": "smaller version of a tried and true chain grocery store . employees have always been super friendly . this store will not disappoint fans of the whole food market .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "+ wifi ! ! ! + a few items were surprisingly well priced- coffee for $ 5.99 , pb for $ 2.69 , luna bars for $ .99 ... . + conveniently located near my rental apt + was n't stuck waiting too long on checkout line + not too crowded in aisles + cranberry walnut rolls ... always so good - weak salad bar options - crazy priced sweet potatoes ( $ 2.49 lb ! ) ... steep prices for produce in general ( no apples or peaches nectarines for less than $ 2.99 lb ) , as well as milk and cream", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my go-to store for a host of specialty items . pros : variety , friendly staff , fresh goods . cons : it 's crowded ! ! parking is getting more and more difficult . and the store is tight on space . i 've shopped and eaten ( deli , hot bar ) at whole foods in nyc , dc , san diego and those are all bigger and offer much more variety . i 'm hopeful madison can catch up one of these days !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "outstanding bakery , deli with prepared foods and superb butcher selections with homemade sausage . the produce is also of the highest quality . this is a fun store and a little pricey .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love whole foods but this location has the basics . the products and help is the normal 4 5 stars but this is one of the smaller locations i have seen . their deli still has all the goodies you would expect from whole foods . still it is better than not having a whole foods at all like most of wisconsin .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pretty small and jam packed whole foods , but it 's a whole foods and i 've missed whole foods . while i typically get irritated shopping here due to the prices there are a few specific things i must get at whole foods when i have the opportunity - their feta and pita . from their deli and food bar i must get their japanese tofu and cucumber sesame noodles . also , crispin cider , which most locations seem to carry . staff was nice and friendly here . they did not have burrata cheese , which sucked , but i found it elsewhere in madison . all in all , nice little whole foods .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have been shopping here for several years . at the stores we frequent in the raleigh cary area we have always been satisfied with our visits . the employees are always helpful .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this place and all the delicious fresh food , but i can barely afford any of it ! i have to keep coming here though , because they stock the most amazing raspberry tart cheese , which i have n't been able to find elsewhere .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't live `` close '' to a whole foods ( i 'm south side indy-they are north side indy ) , but i go when i need some quinoa or to grab some lunch if i am in the area . i needed some quinoa , was driving by , so i stopped , even though i am not from madison . with the yelp check in you get a free small bag . .they were out of the small , so i got the next size up . yay ! i would have even paid the $ .20 difference . yay for good customer service ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this review is for the best scones i have had since i was in london . whole foods cranberry and walnut with a nice top crust with suger . they have several others to choose from but i allways get the cranberry .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "in a couple of words -- -it 's ok . the good : decent meat selection , their house brand 365 stuff is great , they have kickapoo coffee , they carry ecover products ( hard to find ) , good bakery , suprisingly , some decent deals on occasion . the bad : super small store , hard to move around in , tiny bulk area , fishy smelling fish ( ick ! ) , hard to get in and out of parking lot , not very good produce department , mostly expensive ! i stop in occasionally , but could never do actual grocery shopping here ! last time i went the woman in front of me had 2 grocery bags and it was $ 96 . i think the best was the woman who had 3 bags of groceries and a watermelon and spent $ 326 .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a little expensive but well worth the drive coming here . keep up the good work .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice whole foods , friendly staff . always stop at wf when traveling for on the road salads .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "oh , to have an unlimited food budget and endless blocks of time to cook ... i 've become a fan of the store . i only shop here for special ingredients - yes , it 's pricey - but i 've always been very happy with my purchases . the bakery is fantastic and i 've purchased a few really good items at the meat counter - the specialty burgers are good and there 's usually at least one variety on sale on any given week . the deli is stunning - great for anyone that 's looking for pre-made dishes . your tab will add up quickly if you buy a lot , but it 's fun to try a small amount of the salad and side items for a treat .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whole foods , your convenient location can claim one of these five stars . close to work , close to home . personally , i think the parking you offer is plenty . no need to pave any more of that paradise . the second star is for your selection and quality of the items in the cold and hot food stations . there are always plenty of veggie and healthy options . i appreciate this when i am in search of a healthy bite between meetings or on-the-go . third star is dedicated to your all-star bakery team , who prepare the most exquisite fruit and chocolate tarts . fourth star represents the wonderful community activities you plan for madison . bringing those of us interested in the more sustainable side of eating and living together . and , the fifth and final star is for your reason for simply being , whole foods . i always know your merch will be certified organic and adhere to the highest possible standards of quality . thank you , whole foods : ) victoria", "score": "5"}
{"review": "if you 're a non-gmo fan and organic food fan this place does have a ton of stuff . no doubt a lot of the stuff is expensive . the store is small and typically crowded , but darn near has it all . i do n't have trouble getting in the place or checking out and leaving the place . staff is helpful with questions i have had thus far . i love all that this particular store offers . thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great layout . easy to find items and great selection ! love the salad buffet ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "whole foods is one of my favorite grocery stores ! they have an awesome selection of different foods , organic foods and fresh meat seafood . the seafood is some of the freshest in madison . i wish they had one of the east side of madison .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a very pretty natural food establishment . i 'm not crazy about the kind of cramped layout , which really is inconvenient , considering how many people are always there . still , it 's usually a nice experience . they have some of the best produce available in madison ( and also the most expensive ) . when i made beef wellington one day , they were the only place that had truly gorgeous-looking cuts of fillet mignon ( again , expensive ) . the really nice thing about whole foods is the `` whole foods brand . '' this allows you to buy things at a reasonable price . : ) i also am a big fan of their take-out deli foods . mmmm , good ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice place to shop . the meal deal has gone downhill however . if you like spending too much on your items , this is the place for you !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the best breads in the town ! i love the european style bread , and whole foods makes them just so perfect and delicious . i love their `` unwheetable wheet bread '' is just done right : ) a lot of people think that everything is expensive at whole foods , but that 's not true . sales items and their own brand basics ( can of beans etc ) are at good values ( and natural and organic and all the things ca people crave ) .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "okay , so everything is really expensive , sure . the variety of organic fair trade food is unlike any other place in madison . and they have a policy to not sell anything with ingredients that are really bad for you i.e . msg , ammonium chloride , sorbic acid , etc . it 's also not as hipstered out like willy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i like whole foods in general . unfortunately , i got food from the hot bar and got sick once . otherwise , this is a cool store .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i shopped more at whole foods when i was a little kid with my mom . since the prices are higher we had n't been back in a while . but today on my journey to find a certain health drink , i ended up entering this whole foods after a 5-8 year absence . it was a nostalgic feeling . the atmosphere is great . although it 's small , the place gives off a positive energy that makes you leave pleased and happy you stopped there . i highly recommend this place if you have a little more money to spend . also great customer service , everyone had all smiles .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have n't been here since they remodeled . my memories are of a smallish store . it 's a typical whole foods with all the goodies . 'nuf said .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i hate how much i love whole foods , because it can really dig a hole in my wallet . that being said , i will not deduct a star for price because whole foods does not claim to be a cheap value grocery store . this particular location has great service and is spacious and well organized . i was especially impressed with how helpful the people who work in the supplements medicine section were . they went above and beyond to find some information for me regarding one of the products they sell , and their general knowledge of what they carried and what certain products are used for was very impressive . honestly , not that different from most other whole foods , same great store with awesome service ! oh , and do n't forget to get free samples !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this dealership . monica is a well seasoned saleswoman . she is very respectful and a genuine nice gal . sales are great . nice atmosphere , clean and calm . great service . great people . great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my credit was ruined because of a recent problem with paying my stuff off but they were still able to get me into the car i loved thankyou so much for the help blake", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had never purchased from a dealer before but this was a great experience . i had been searching for the specific truck i wanted for a while and i had a few in mind . i first went to another dealer but the beautiful vehicle had rust ... we were skeptical of this dealer because of the reviews . it was on the way home so we said why not . the truck was there . the staff seemed non commissioned and no pressure was added . i was able to test drive the vehicle without any of the staff members on board . they did n't sway me in either direction but encouraged me to make the decision i would be happiest with . i bought the truck . service was fast . paperwork was quick . they allowed me to use the financing i wanted . great price , great service . thanks to guy , phil , tina , and bri !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great experience at this dealership ! no pressure and everyone that works here is professional and helpful . i was looking for a specific vehicle and was notified by ideal cars whenever a vehicle came through their inventory that was a possible match . i ended up finding the vehicle elsewhere , but in my search ideal cars was the best shopping experience by far . the business is clean and well run and the customer service was great ! i will definitely start my next vehicle search with them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the way buying a car should be ! everyone there is professional and courteous , and there 's none of that , `` this is the car we can get you into , take it or leave it '' bullcrap ! phil is an expert in financing and i truly believe he can help anyone get into a car they love without ridiculous terms ! tina is sweet and diligent and will go the extra mile for you , and guy will take his time with you and let you browse and test drive with no pressure ! my family has now purchased 2 vehicles from them and love them both , and will refer anyone car searching here . dont waste your time at other lots , buying a car here really is the ideal experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't buy the guardsman protection plan , . haverty and guardsman will bounce you back and forth for weeks , then deny you . its a rip off . i will take my business elsewhere and suggest you do the same .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "6 piece sectional to deliver . six huge pieces that fit together to make a sofa . delivered with 5 correct and one incorrect . delivery guy reports that i was n't prepared for delivery and i refused delivery . ouch . not good that i did n't receive what i ordered but then thrown under the bus with a good ole fashion lie to boot . just give me my sectional so i can not deal with havertys in the future . i knew i should have spent more and dealt with ethan allen . live and learn .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great selection , reasonable prices & felix is fantastic ! very helpful & upfront in sales style . ca n't wait for our new sofa and desk !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "last year we bought a couch and chair here , and went back again this year for a new rug and mattress for our new home . our salesman , harvey , remembered us from last year and is always knowledgeable and helpful without being pushy . i have had great experiences with their financing , delivery notifications ( 2 days & 1 day in advance with a 2 hour window ) , and their delivery men are timely and friendly . i would definately shop there again ( well , i already did , but again next time i move ! )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great presentation ! great experience ! spoke with derrick over the phone ... he quoted me a price for a transmission flush for my 2001 volvo . the result and service was wonderful . great experience for my first time . and unlike most auto service ... there was a `` treat '' inside my car ! thanks tanner motors for a wonderful experience ... being a female you always have to be on guard , however derrick was about servicing my volvo and did a great job . so ladies if you need service to your volvo call derrick !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time in , and i was pleased . well-organized , clean shop . kept my appointment and gave me an honest , accurate time estimate . the repair work came out well . this will be my go-to volvo place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tanner motors fixed my mini when a competitor misdiagnosed the problem and was going to charge me twice as much for fixing something that was n't broken . great job tanner motors !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "derrick , thank you so much for taking care of all the issues on my 328i ! you did a fantastic job keeping me up to date when i was on vacation . i wish i could take you to texas with me when we move ! excellent work , cleaned up my oil issues after repair and the bill was sooo much lower than i expected ! ca n't say enough good things ! thank you thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so i waited a while to write a review of this business to make sure my car does well after they have worked on it . it still roars like a lion ! i have an old jeep that is dear to my heart and i rarely trust anyone but myself to work on it . i need a mechanic that knows what 's up and understands that my car is my baby . the guys at tanner motors are the only mechanics i 'll let within 10ft of my car . they understand my protective nature and work diligently and honestly . i have never trusted a mechanic so much ! they are always so honest and if they can save you money they will ! they also refill r-12 and from my research they are they only people that do", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . coming from a daughter of a mechanic this place is honest , fair , communicative , and respectful of my time , all of which are hard to find when getting ones car fixed . having been disappointed in a volvo mechanic service nearby , this is the only place i take my volvo after they successfully diagnosed and corrected a long standing issue i was having for months . derek is always very responsive , thorough in detail and explanation , and prioritizes repairs and costs . i am very appreciative of the mechanics and derek at tanner , and thankful they continue to take good care of my car after 1+ years now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all the reviews are true ! i work in an environment that provides world class customer service . i 'm so used to being on the giving end , that i 'm left pretty shocked when i receive it myself . tanner motors went above and beyond for me and i 'm really , really grateful . this is a business i am happy to support and promote .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've brought my 2007 volvo here for the past few years and derrick and crew have been wonderful to work with and incredibly honest . when i recently took my volvo to another shop that was closer to my house i knew in my gut i had made a mistake and should have taken it to tanner first . when i discovered the `` other shop '' lied to me about their diagnosis , i brought my car to tanner for a second opinion and to fix the problem . they not only saved me $ 1000 , they reaffirmed my hunch that the other shop was just trying to pull a fast one on me and did n't even look at the problem to begin with . they 've recently partnered with uber to give you a free ride to wherever you need to go when your car is in the shop . and they went the extra mile to complete my car late friday so i would n't be without a car over the weekend . thank you tanner , for another wonderful visit . we appreciate your honesty , service and fairness ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as good as they get . wonderful , honest & reliable . `` volvo for life '' ( with tanner making sure my volvo makes it all the way ) . thanks chris & gang !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service was excellent . staff was knowledgeable and friendly . they were committed to ensuring that i was satisfied with them -- and i was !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a woman getting my car fixed is a scary event , however chris tanner and his guys were so honest and fair with my engine problem . i never felt bullied or pressured . they are a great shop and know a lot about cars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always reasonably priced work , derek does a great job managing customers and always greets you by first name when you walk in . i 've brought two cars here first when i had c30 and now when i upgraded to the s60 , i trust them to provide honest feedback which is rare to find .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i met chris tanner for the first time about 6 months ago . i was very impressed with his knowledge and his desire to run a first class shop . honest , fair pricing and excellent service . i 'll never take my volvo to the over priced dealer again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did a drain and fill of transmission fluid and was concerned i had overfilled . i was n't sure if i was reading the dipstick correctly ( at the right temperature of the transmission ) so i wanted someone else to confirm my suspicion . i called and was able to bring the car by shortly thereafter for a free check . nobody tried to get me to buy any other services though i asked about having the overfill pumped out ( a fair price given ) . in the end i decided i could handle draining out the excess fluid and was on my way . it was a pleasant experience and i 'll probably be back to have some bushings pressed in eventually .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mr. tanner does not shy away from helping people in their time of need . he has been very helpful to me in my time of need . dealing with auto accident injuries and insurance agents regrading the totaling of my car was one of the most horrible experiences of my life . mr. tanner was kind enough to appraise my car and work with the insurance agent to make sure i received a fair appraisal . due to that i did receive the true value for my car which was way significantly than what the insurance agent had come up with . he has been such a blessing . genuine , helpful and friendly people who make customers feel welcome . will definitely recommend everyone to go to tanner motors . i will too in a heartbeat ! great work and even greater ethics !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm not nearly as car savvy as i 'd like to be . with that being said , i think it 'd be easy for anyone to take me around the ringer and charge me an arm and a leg for car work . not tanner motors . they genuinely care about my situation and are doing everything in their power to help me . i was in an accident and at a loss about what to do about my vehicle and the entire situation . i 've been talking back and forth with mike , and he is helping me every step of the way . i do n't think many people do honest , true service these days - but tanner motors is the real deal . customer service is still important ; they know and live this . i 'll recommend them to everyone ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've taken my 2004 mini cooper to tanner motors a few times and they were always very informative through the phone . derek is very knowledgable after i 've sent videos of my car 's issues . i do n't feel talked down to , which had been an annoyance in the past with other mechanics so it 's good to find a reliable place that will work on my mini . definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had some front end work done on my murano . i am satisfied with the work and impressed by the clear communication of the time and cost as we worked together .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "when i bought an older volvo 240 sedan i knew i 'd have to spend some money no matter where i took it to make it a reliable daily driver . tanner motors has done a great job of getting the vehicle road worthy , safe and comfortable . upon initial drop off of a non-running vehicle , they did a full evaluation of it and explained what the car needed to have done now to get it not just running , but up to my specific standards . they also informed me of what i would want to plan for in the future as it would eventually become necessary . the staff has been great . always polite , helpful and informative . i was contacted as needed with updates and when i called , they answered . they 've worked on the car a number of times now as i decided to repair the additional systems . i 'm absolutely confident that i could drive my 27 year old volvo across the country and back ( and i 'm going to ) and not have to worry about the vehicle at all . thanks tanner motors !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so happy that i found tanner motors . i have a 2004 s40 with only 55k miles that had been making a terrible noise for months -- sounded like the bottom was falling out ! i started with my regular mechanic -- nice guy and i trust him . four different evaluations and almost $ 1200 in extraneous repairs later from two shops , the noise was still there and actually getting worse ! the last diagnosis was that maybe it 's my struts for another $ 800 . needless to say , i could not accept a maybe . finally found chris at tanner motors through an online search ... drove all the way across town to see him and within minutes , he knew exactly what it had been all along : an engine mount . total bill : $ 276 . chris was great and the price certainly seemed fair . best of all , no noise and the car is fixed ! ! i love this place and will not take my volvo anywhere else for repairs . highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm totally going to use an ad from the 80 's tagline : my husband 's not around , but tanner motors still is . yes , the spouse is gone , but chris and his competent staff are still taking care of duke for me . what have they done ? more like what have they not ... ..a new engine ? sure . emphatically insisted i go get new tires ? you bet . bottom line is that the quality of service is amazing and only paralleled by the customer service . i recommend this place all the time to volvo owners - heck , i even recommend non-volvo owners , as i know that if chris ca n't help them , he might be able to point them in the right direction . my only regret is that i ca n't give them more stars . but what i ca n't give them in stars , i try to make up in cookies . ; - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my 98 volvo 70 in because of the check engine light was on and a strong smell of gasoline in the cabin when ever we filled up the car . tanner performed a smoke test on the car to see if there were any leaks in the fuel system . they recommended a new gas cap and vacuum elbow to fix problem . as we were driving back to casa grande , we filled the car up again . to our amazement , gas was pouring out of the gas tank and the check engine light was back on . tanner also recommended we have another $ 3,186.13 spent to get the car up to speed . took the car back to the volvo dealer who located and identified fuel leak problem . volvo dealer also told us that they would n't recommend $ 2,408.29 of the service which tanner had recommended . think that only person smoked from their smoke test was us .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as a volvo xc90 owner , i can promise this is the best choice for you . every penny i spent at tanner is worth . derrick is a pretty nice guy and you will find all of them are reliable at the first visit . really appreciate their decent job . btw , i just went there for my headlight , they just took care of the bulbs and i was good to go . seriously , i will drive back from la for tanner after i moved .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tanner motors does quality work for a fair price . excellent service . chris was professional and prompt . even gave me a courtesy ride . fantastic . will definitely go back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was looking for an independent volvo mechanic now that my xc90 is out of warranty . i never connected with anyone at the dealer and was n't sure who to trust . i definitely found what i was looking for at tanner motors . chris was a pleasure to work with . i received great customer service at a good price and would recommend them to anyone with a volvo in need of service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we love our 2010 volvo c70 , so when we moved to phoenix , we wanted to find a really great service place . tanner has taken care of the car for over two years now , and they have been just fabulous . they are incredibly responsive when we have had trouble , and the work is always first rate . we recommend them to anyone who is particular about their car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "there are n't too many true horse people left , but mb is definitely one of them ! a true professional horse person that knows what she 's doing , and passionately loves the animals in her care . safety and an amazing experience for her clients is what is so important to her . you can tell how horses are treated by how they behave around a person , and it is obvious that those horses are treated great because they adore her ! that is so reassuring ! what a fantastic time we had ! thank you so much ! i highly recommend this company ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a wonderful experience . meribeth and carma were professional , friendly , and passionate about horses . my girlfriend and i thoroughly enjoyed our first horse carriage ride .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best experience i have ever had . never been in a horse carriage so wow mind was blown . the owner mb and her assistant michael had so much knowledge of horses . so many horses and ponies to see and interact with at her location . the view was breath taking at sunset . will definitely do this again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my friend karen alvarado recommended me to this ortho when i mentioned i wanted a new dentist . her raving reviews had me making an appt that very same afternoon . super excited to work with them and i 'm sure with the great service karen has told me about i 'll be more than happy with my results !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love dr.b not only is he an awesome orthodontist he 's an awesome friend ! i could say he 's honestly been there through every phase i 've gone through ( lol ) making my smile beautiful every step of the way ! thanks for your awesome service & for making my smile way better than it was in 2012 ! you rock .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "five star orthodontist ! ! ! the staff is always so nice and helpful . i love going there ! ! everyone is always so professional # bestortho -vince briones", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i very much enjoyed the margarita sampler . and the goat cheese guacamole was unlike anything i 've had before . delicious .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "all of the servers have way cooler tattoos than i do . additonally the food is exceptional .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great space , though cavernous it 's broken up into three rooms . there 's just enough of momocho 's favorite drinks and dinners in addition to many new dishes . the best tamales in town . never have i had such light , perfectly cooked through , cornmeal loaded down with a generous portion of succulent short ribs or any of the equally enticing meat toppings . there 's an abundance of meat choices in the tamale and tacquito offerings . also , glad to see there 's at least one vegetarian offering in practically every category . in addition , to your favorite margarita offerings from momocho , el chango offers up some newly inspired drinks . love the paloma among others . the rich meaty flavor of the duck confit taquitos is not to be missed either . great addition to the lakewood restaurant bar scene . looking forward to my next visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i originally gave this place 3 stars because they had the smallest water glasses on the planet but since they have changed to larger glasses 5 stars ! interesting interior , attentive service , delicious food . i ordered the cheese and poblano tamales and really enjoyed my meal . amazing sauces , i want to lick my plate every time ! get the guac with goat cheese . you will be transported to heaven .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was decent . we ordered the duck confit taquitos and also the garlic shrimp . the duck was kind of dry which was surprising as it 's confit . the shrimp however was very flavorful and they were big . my favorite thing here is the margaritas . it 's very rare to find house made margaritas in cle , but luckily el carnicero has a great selection with none of that sour mix crap included . you can definitely taste the difference ; they 're made with love . the guacamole is euphoric . as high as the prices are , i think they should include complimentary chips and salsa and also include a side with the entrees . i was disappointed that everything is a la carte . i 'll be back just for happy hour .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "stopped by today for a simple repair - i lost a nose pad on my driving glasses . my eye doctor is a family member who is out of state , so i could n't easily have it taken care of there . the staff member at target optical greeted me immediately ( i was there just as they were opening ) , checked for the matching pad , and when she could n't find one , offered to replace it with a different shape pad . i said that was fine , and she brought back my glasses in just a few minutes with both pads replaced , and even handed me the old pad in case i found the missing one . after all that , there was no charge for this service ! definitely recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this target optical ! it is amazing ! the staff are sooo friendly ! especially the nice young guy . he is sooo patient ! they are always professional and friendly . they are efficient and familiar with my insurance . the selection could honestly be better , especially for guys , but i love the place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing service . the staff there have great memory even i only go there once a year for eye checkup and glasses . friendly and dedicated staff .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent experience at target optical today . fun , friendly staff & a thorough , thoughtful exam . dr cotrell went over everything , explained the results & put everything in context for my age group . on top of it all , i got contacts & 2 pairs of glasses for less than i spent on a single pair of glasses last year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so , this was my first time at this salon..and it was beyond expectations . to have a head and shoulder massage first , a detailed chat about my hair ... then a wonderful shampoo and hot towel ... then a great cut , a good finish ... and all the while explanations on what marybeth was doing , and what it would do for my hair..etc ... it was just great . the salon owner , faith , came over and introduced herself to me , thanked me for coming..all very personal and professional . love the hair products , totally new to me the line they sell . love it . and , a really neat , unusual thing about this salon is that you can come in-between cuts for a complimentary tweak and freshen up ... i mean , how wonderful is that ? they go above and beyond ... highly recommend salon faith .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client of faith 's for five years now . she is a very talented stylists and super sweet . as an educator for eufora , faith knows the importance of using quality hair products in and out of the salon . she can help you achieve your healthiest hair and scalp , to look your knock-your-socks-off best ! i recommend faith to anyone looking for an exceptional stylist . as a licensed hair professional , that says a lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i go to visit mary beth every two weeks at salon faith . once for the haircut , and then they offer a complimentary trim in between to keep you looking clean ! everyone that works there is courteous , friendly and fun . you do n't hear negative talk , gossip , or anything negative , however you get an atmosphere that is comfortable , clean and cozy . mary beth is an amazing stylist , and her passion as a stylist comes out every time i visit her . i recommend salon faith to anyone . as a side note ; when you come to your appointment , make sure you come a little early for parking . it can get busy with all the salons and businesses around , so make sure to come a few minutes early just in case .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've had long hair for some time now and did n't realize i liked it much shorter until i met faith ! if you 're looking for professional hair care ( trust me i know , i 've been hanging around hair dressers most of my life ) , go see faith ! she listens and knows the right hair cut for you ! she does a smashing job with color as well ! thanks faith for taking 20 years off !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience getting my hair done by faith ! she is very knowledgeable about damaged hair and gives great advice on how to maintain healthy hair and scalp . the relaxation station was fabulous and i will definitely be back here . thanks faith !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to mary beth at salon faith : the hairstyle you gave me has received so many compliments . my auntie said i have found the haircut i am meant to have ! i have been sure to sing your praises each and every time a compliment on your work comes my way . you are so wonderful ! thank you for your expertise and flexibility . i hope your business continues to flourish ; i will help by sending my family , friends and clients your way .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great haircut ! great experience . you just have to try it . they spend more time massaging , oiling and relaxing you 're scalp , face , neck an shoulders than the actual haircut itself ... and it 's great !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this salon ! mary beth , emily and faith are all wonderful ! i love my haircut and highlights ! they use natural and amazing products . ca n't wait to go back in 6 weeks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been getting my hair done by faith for over 15 years . she and her staff are absolutely incredible . faith is a master colorist and her haircuts are precision at it 's best . i have seen faith at different stages throughout my life , including when i tried to color and cut it myself ( really bad idea on a side note ) . she is a true pro and can fix anything . her attention to detail and the way she listens and understands my hair preferences really sets her apart from other hair stylists . she delivers exactly what you want envision and will always be 100 % honest when i am suggesting a change that wo n't be ideal for me . faith has cut and colored my hair for my wedding and other important occasions . she 's up on all the trends and is also an cut and color educator . i highly recommend faith if you want your hair done right !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a client for sometime and enjoy every visit . the aroma therapy is awesome ! ! she is very friendly , professional and knowledgeable about her craft .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a fantastic salon ! i was warmly greeted , listened to and pampered . now my hair looks better than ever ! amy worked wonders on my tired , dried hair and gave me an entirely new fabulous look .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love salon faith ! the scalp massage is amazing , the atmosphere is relaxing , and the ladies are super friendly . i 'm always comfortable when i go in here and would recommend this to anyone who wants dependable hair service . you ca n't find quality like this anymore !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a mid 50 's woman , i have proudly embraced my natural grey hair for several years . having been pretty creative with my hair over the years , i had no concerns about having faith transform me into a beautiful two tone red head . ultimately , we decided to do the eye brows also , to really show off the blue eyes . faith performed a free consultation before we booked the actual color session . she is creative , color savy , and passionate about hair . her entire staff is friendly and welcoming . i highly recommend putting faith in your hair !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this salon is special . their knowledge and education to their clients is bar none . i have struggled with my curly hair for decades and faith , emilee and joy helped me style my hair as never before ... they truly care about the health of their client 's hair ; thus , they were encouraging me not to blow dry my locks ! also , emilee gave my hair an added lift with natural highlights that blended great with my skin tone . emilee is a gem and i have fun in her chair . in regards to cuts , mary beth is an artist and she listened to my concerns and challenges . i look forward to many return visits !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been a salon faith junkie for almost two years . faith asked me to be a model for her trainees even though hair and i have been strangers for a while . after all i go to the barber school for $ 5 specials . i am hooked . the personal touch , the scalp massage , the professionalism and mary beth , what a great way to spend an hour . even after a month my hair still looks great and not like a guy fieri knock off . as a bonus the eufora scalp rescue has stopped my receding ( okay retreating ) hair line and my hair is fuller . great for my ego . thanks ladies , now i have faith in my hair .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always been the super cuts kind of guy . not anymore ! it 's very satisfying knowing that faith knows just how i like my hair cut . the head massage by mary beth is fantastic and incredibly relaxing . its nice going to someone you can trust to do a great job every time and men get a free detail in between cuts . tim p", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wonderful service , wonderful products and attention to details makes for a very successful business !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "faith and her staff are amazing they give great service and pay attention to details . i have referred numerous people and they are all happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "mary beth is brilliant . not only is she really precise when cutting my hair , but she 's so creative . yesterday i told her i wanted to change up my hairstyle but i did n't really know what i wanted . she made a few changes that really made a big difference . i love my new style . each time i go into salon faith , i walk out happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "faith is a passionate hair artist and offers a variety of amazing services . i recently experienced her hair extension service and it 's top-notch . she does her homework and found a system that is one of the least damaging to the hair . they all have their pros and cons but this system has worked well for me despite having a sensitive scalp . all along the journey she was consultative , patient in answering all my questions , and applied the product in a great way ! also her entire staff is top-notch , friendly and always helpful . i 've referred many friends and all enjoy her advanced hair cutting techniques and passionate attitude . thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love salon faith ! emily made me feel so comfortable and relaxed during my visit i did n't want to leave ! i would recommend anyone looking for the spa experience at a reasonable price to give salon faith a shot . i recommend all my family and friends over to salon faith .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "she does my hair . i have never gone to a salon before . faith asked me to be a model for her newest stylist . what a great experience . head massage , hot towel facial , aromatherapy , and a great cut . a great break on a tuesday morning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "decided to treat my wife to a new look . salon faith did themselves proud . this is now her new hair salon . very talented staff ! professional , pleasant & great experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent service , great atmosphere , teamwork and education to provide clients with best services and products available . educational , thorough , excellent explanation of products , their uses and applications , and the expected end result .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love the atmosphere at salon faith . i received excellent customer service , and was quite impressed with the products they used ! i will be a returning customer ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fantastic stylist , they are always up to date on the latest trends and looks ! specially for men .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love salon faith ! i have been coming here for three years and keep coming back even though i live across the valley ! all the girls are wonderful and give everyone star treatment . i highly recommend salon faith ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "let me perfectly honest and i 'm a guy who for years has gone to great clips . i really never cared all that much about my haircut and always got an avg . cut . well over the last few months i decided to give salon faith and emilee a chance . and what huge difference . i love the extra pampering and getting a much better haircut . salon faith is a fantastic place to get more then just an average cut .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "salon faith is a great place for all of your hair care . they are very friendly and helpful . my 14 year old daughter gets the best treatment ever at this place . she love the fact that she gets the full hair treatment every time she makes honor roll at school . she has n't missed honor roll yet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "faith is amazing , i saw faith for a long time until i moved an hour away . my wife actually has a hair license but will only see faith for her cuts , style , color , or whatever else she has done . my wife works in scottsdale and drives from gilbert . funny thing is , is she has clients that drive from queen creek and peria to see her . faith fixes $ 15 haircuts . she does not pay for reviews like a lot of stylists . instead she gives her clients a free cut when her clients refer her business .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "oh my goodness where do i start ... .i had n't had my hair cut in a year i was terribly nervous from past really bad hair cuts but then i found salon faith i felt so welcomed and cared about . i was so overwhelmed being a small town girl new to scottsdale trying to find a salon but this place is amazing ! the time and care they put in your hair is astounding ! mary beth walked me thru everything she was doing explaining why she was doing it and what it would look like after she cut it ... just amazing ... all the stylists are so knowledgable about everything and very professional and caring ... and their prices are really decent for being in scottsdale.. , my only very very very small complaint would be the products they use are pretty spendy ... i 'd love to own them but on a stay at home mom budget not happening ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "faith and her staff are friendly and professional ! they explained every product they used and why they were using it . i loved that faith was excited to do my color and even had some of her own ideas too . my color is beautiful , the cut is exactly what i wanted . i left with a complimentary hand massage , confidence and beautiful hair ! what more can you ask for ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience was amazing . everyone was so kind and helped me transfer out of wheelchair and into their comfy chairs ( t7 paraplegic ) . faith was so fun . my hair grows like a weed and she took about 7 '' off . the consultation was excellent and i have to say this is the most amazing and professional cut i have ever had . she recommended some great products that i will pick-up when i come back for a bang trim.i have spent hundreds living in sydney and scottsdale . with a little of my ideas she creatively changed my entire look . i would highly recommend faith and her team . 15 % for new customers if you sign-up on the website . be sure to call for an appointment early as the word is getting out ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the `` twice as nice '' deal was a bargain for us . the pizza was good and warm and plenty of pizzas to choose from . i got the pepperoni and sausage and my friend got cheese . the price was a little up there but worth it in this mall . i would eat here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not sure if this is the same one that 's in charlotte but it is the worst italian i 've ever had ... ..the baked zede is just uncooked pasta with cheese..it 's nasty ... just saying do n't go", "score": "1"}
{"review": "food is as expected but the customer service was terrible . it 's obvious that the two young people working the front have no desire to be there as displayed by their lack of customer service skills .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "noodles seemed waterlogged and pizza seemed underdone . all were overpriced as mall food court italian usually is , do n't get it , noodles are so cheap.. salads were tasty though . wish there was a way i could have just ordered a salad as an entr\u00e9e instead of as a side to the terrible spaghetti .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my children and i stopped by and ate while shopping . the staff was unfriendly , the pizza was cold and did not taste good . my children will eat anything and they could not eat this . i even contacted them from their website and was not even acknowledge . obviously the that customer service comes from the top down and here there is no service . i would never eat here again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "beau et charmant petit caf\u00e9 du coin . wi-fi gratuit . parfait pour travailler , \u00e9tudier , ou mener une conversation tranquille . -- -- cute and charming small local caf\u00e9 . free wifi . perfect for working , studying , or having a laid-back conversation .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super petit caf\u00e9 de quartier sans pr\u00e9tention . il est confortable , tranquille , les quelques habitu\u00e9s y d\u00e9gustent espresso , th\u00e9s , et latte avec un bon livre ou quelques travaux . d'autres discutaient de la vie , de la pluie et du beau temps . c'est un caf\u00e9 , quoi ! la majorit\u00e9 des tables sont plac\u00e9es pour deux . il y en a m\u00eame une qui a deux fauteuils . oh ! confo ! la d\u00e9coration simple se donne une allure zen . vous pouvez trouver une int\u00e9ressante s\u00e9lection de th\u00e9s et breuvages \u00e0 base de th\u00e9 ou de caf\u00e9 . mon chai latte , \u00e9tait succulent , je ne suis pas un expert en chai . aussi , quelques trucs pour le d\u00e9jeun\u00e9 ( petit d\u00e9jeun\u00e9 ) . alors , si vous \u00eates dans le coin , pourquoi ne pas faire une petite pause pour dire bonjour .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "d\u00e9licieux caf\u00e9s faits selon vos go\u00fbts . le carr\u00e9 aux amandes est succulent . ambiance tranquille et parfaite pour travailler .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "belle petite place tranquille pour aller travailler . pas beaucoup de place mais c'est ce qui fait la beaut\u00e9 de la chose , c'est un petit recoin tranquille .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the kind of cafe that makes a neighbourhood worth living in ! very good coffee , delightful breakfasts and lunches , good music , friendly staff , quiet ambience for reading or thinking . i 'm very pleased to be in an airbnb right around the corner for my week in montreal !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "beau petit caf\u00e9 , sandwiches d\u00e9licieux . propri\u00e9taire tr\u00e8s sympathique . essayez la sauce piquante avec votre sandwich ! bon caf\u00e9s \u00e9galement bien entendu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "c'est petit , mais super chill . c'est la deuxi\u00e8me fois que je viens . j'aime le service et l'ambiance . en g\u00e9n\u00e9ral j'aime les petits caf\u00e9s discret . on y est bien . \u00e7a sens le bonheur .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "le caf\u00e9 est excellent , la nourriture bonne , la d\u00e9co est int\u00e9ressante et la musique est bonne . grosso modo , \u00e0 r\u00e9p\u00e9ter !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "cappuccino was good . latte was . my gf says the smoothies there are the best she 's ever had . nice paintings . too bad it 's a small place , but i guess it only adds to its charm as this hippy , cozy caf\u00e9 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little neighborhood coffee shop near march\u00e9 jean-talon . i had a latte and a choclatine ( pan au chocolate ) . both were very good . staff was very friendly and good wifi !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "quelques mois pass\u00e9s j'ai \u00e9t\u00e9 d\u00e9jeuner \u00e0 cet endroit . bon mais pas de choix vari\u00e9 pour un jour de semaine . je pense qu'ils offrent plus de choix les weekend . service tr\u00e8s lent et non chaleureux .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i work for a company that serves people with disabilities . doug and penny at valley fire prevention were so accommodating to us . very professional ! i look forward to using their company for many years to come !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "outstanding customer service and very affordable . thank you penny and doug for being so amazing . doug came to my home and services my fire extinguishers on the spot . thank you ! we 're a foster family so we will use your services every year .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "only 2 reviews ? that shit is going to change . gunna change rrrrreal fuckin ' quick . cos duck dumplings , are you fucking with me right now ? whos your informant ? who squealed ? ! how did you know about my food problems ? why do you play with my emotions like that ? \u00a1baby , why are you so mean ! ? -cough- anywho . they 're a keeper . place is the bomb like : tick-tick ... boom ! totally inspired food . yuge portions . we 'll be back until we 've had everything on your menu . i 'd already filled up before i found these guys but they understood , took pity on my pain & worked up a half portion for me . and it was worth more then i deserved . these guys are bangerang !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "second time eating at the flying pigeon food truck . managed to get in before the line . so yummy and friendly service . clearly a passion for these people ! i have the culture shock and it was everything !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went to food truck at farmers market . $ 10 for a supposedly healthy bowl that was drowning in bad oil never again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "hard to believe the food comes from a truck , this is unequivocally the best truck in the city . other trucks charge the same prices for a fraction of the quality . i 've had : roast duck : quite extraordinary . crispy , layered ingredients create very satisfying and complex flavor ( like most of their stuff ) ramen : does n't blow your mind but better than any noodle i 've had from a truck bruce lee bowl : maybe my least favorite item so far , but still tasty on the top cod pork sandwich : a novel combo i never considered , very yummy , probably better to share for 2 people porkapocalypse : sandwich with pork belly eggplant , etc . like a gourmet meatball sandwich tator tot nachos : as good as they sound", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my two daughters absolutely love kids inc ! the classrooms are beautiful with a wide variety of age appropriate activities in each room . they love the teachers and friendships they have made there . the staff ( julie , karla & ashley ) are extremely warm and friendly and always make time to answer any questions that i have . i would recommend kids inc to anyone with child care needs", "score": "5"}
{"review": "julie ( the director ) is absolutely wonderful . you always know that it 's going to be a good day when you walk through the door and see her smiling face behind the desk . julie truly cares about these kids and her employees . she really takes the time with each family to get to know them and their needs ... and actually follows through with what she says she is going to do . while she remains professional , she also is very warm and welcoming and knows how to run a daycare the way that it should be ran ! julie treats and loves all of these children as if they were her own . she puts my heart at ease and i feel completely comfortable leaving the building knowing she 's there to take care of everything ! we love julie ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm so pleased with the management team ! the facility is clean and julie the director is great and seems trustworthy !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a convenient stop along headed into phoenix , or back to out towards california . the restrooms are clean , they have a large selection of hot dogs , treats , drinks , coffee , whatever you want ready to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped in here yesterday with my boyfriend after a doctor 's appointment . i had seen at the qt on dysart that there was a frozen coffee machine . i did n't know for sure if this one would have it , but they did . let it be known that i was n't expecting starbucks-quality anything , but it was pretty good for .69 cents . or , it should have been .69 cents as advertised for the 32oz , but the guy at the counter overcharged me . i did n't mind since it was only 15 or 20 cents , but whatever . the drink was decent . i also bought gas and while filling up my tank noticed two annoying rednecks parked at the pump directly behind us . being that they are n't a permanent staple of this facility , i wo n't hold it against qt . haha.. 3.5 stars .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "no soap in men 's room . when telling cashier , he acted like he did n't hear me . no paper towels anywhere in gas fill up area . worst qt i 've ever been to .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is like my cheers ! i go at least 3 times a week on my way to work for my iced tea and the staff always greets me by name ! the fact that they have crushed ice is just icing on the cake . plus ... where else can you find so many different fountain drinks in one place ? always clean and well stocked ! i feel like i 'm cheating on my qt if i go to a different one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "qts are usually pretty clean , fast etc but this one is the most ghetto qt i 've ever seen . it is in the tolleson area so par for the course i suppose .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i found this qt to be average , nothing `` stand out '' about it . so i stopped in late one evening for gas and a quick bathroom break . and gum . i wanted a pack of trident . anyway , the area surrounding this qt is n't exactly great . i was legitimately concerned about leaving my car by itself to go use the bathroom . luckily , nothing happened . the employee at the cash register was nice enough , despite the fact that it was late when i was in there and friendliness is n't normal for people working at such an ungodly hour . the bathroom was a bit messy , with some graffiti in the stalls . yup . westside phoenix at its finest . anyway , i made it back to my car safely and filled up . i do think that some type of security ( besides a camera ) is necessary at places like this . while i was refueling , there were some shady looking dudes off in a dark corner doing god knows what . in the end , this qt gets 3-stars . barely .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellente cuisine . tout est frais et bien assaisonn\u00e9 . certains plats en sauce sont un peu `` noy\u00e9s '' dans une trop grande quantit\u00e9 de sauce . si \u00e7a vous d\u00e9plait , vous pouvez facilement demander `` pas trop de sauce s.v.p . '' et je suis certain qu'on aura le souci de bien r\u00e9pondre \u00e0 vos demandes . je ne recommande pas ce restaurant pour les groupes de plus de 6 personnes . la cuisine n'arrive pas \u00e0 sortir les plats dans un laps de temps raisonnable . les invit\u00e9s sont servis et certains ont le temps de compl\u00e8tement terminer leur plat principal alors que d'autres personnes n'ont pas \u00e9t\u00e9 servies . la situation semble normale pour les employ\u00e9s qui n'ont offert aucunes excuses , ni sugg\u00e9r\u00e9 d'alternatives afin de permettre d'\u00eatre servis en m\u00eame temps . si vous \u00eates en groupes de 2 \u00e0 quatre personnes , vous ne devriez pas avoir ce probl\u00e8me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tr\u00e8s bon restaurant asiatique . le personnel est courtois et attentionn\u00e9 . la bouffe est vraiment tr\u00e8s bonne . je le recommande \u00e0 coup s\u00fbr !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "bon restaurant , les prix sont dans les standards . service rapide .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "pour le peu de restos asiatiques de qualit\u00e9 aux environs , le sawadee ressort du lot . je me rappelle y avoir bien appr\u00e9ci\u00e9 mon poulet g\u00e9n\u00e9ral tao , rien d'original mais c'\u00e9tait bien savoureux et la portion g\u00e9n\u00e9reuse sans que le prix soit trop dispendieux . mon exp\u00e9rience date d'il y a 4 ans environ par contre , alors je sais pas si \u00e7a a chang\u00e9 mais j'en garde un bon souvenir . si j'avais envie d'une belle table dans un resto tha\u00ef pendant que je suis dans le coin , j'y retournerais sans h\u00e9siter !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "excellent resto ... pad tha\u00ef poulet super apport\u00e9 votre vin personnel sympa.r\u00e9servation pour le samedi 2 services 17.30 hres et 19.30 hres", "score": "4"}
{"review": "sawadee was an unexpected surprise . i 've mentioned before that cuisine in the msh area , in the past , had left a lot to be desired . while sawadee may not be the best thai you 've had , it is still very delicious and aside from the over cooked chicken in my curry , was very flavorful . it was also spicy and not in a hot way . i would recommend stopping by here . it is good to note that soft drinks are free refills . this trend seems to be catching on in qu\u00e9bec but it is n't prevalent everywhere . it 's good to see msh beloeil pushing in the direction of better cuisine . aside from basha , you never really saw a push to more diversified options and it slowly raises the standard . i 'd come here again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've lived in boulder city for 6 years and used this store forever . i go to work early in the morning and got ta say that the grave yard staff is awesome , always welcoming and friendly . normal grave workers i 've encountered are n't always the most cordial however this crew is the tops.. oh thank heaven ... .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the graveyard crew is amazing . they work hard and are really friendly , which is hard to find at 3am .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awful ! my mom came in for a cut , but because she had a child with her , they refused to do her hair . he is perfectly capable of sitting on his own and watching , he is not an infant , but they still refused . she drove over 40 minutes to get a haircut , they have nothing posted anywhere to let people know not to bring a child . if that is the rule , fine , but at least put up info somewhere for the public to read before driving out of heir way to be turned down . rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the students at this location are very talented and driven ! the educators go above and beyond to ensure the students not only can provide quality services but that we understand the theory and science of hair and products . our community is a family , we students come together to assist each other with anything we need and that is rare in this industry . i 'm proud to be a student at empire beauty school concord and i am confident that they are equipping me with all of the knowledge and skills i need to go out into the industry and make a positive impact .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i attend empire beauty school concord and i enjoy being there . learing all the different techniques of hairstyling , chemical texturizing , haircutting , haircoloring , skin care , nail care , what i needed to be ready for stateboard has been great . empire is what you make it , not what you just hear . im a advance 2 student and love being on the floor . come visit us at empire concord", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so this store is mostly sunglasses , but there are a lot of other products here as well . i really never knew that oakley made boots , jackets , and button up shirts . i liked the style too , and the prices were pretty close to wholesale . they carry all of the new styles of sunglasses here , but they are still pretty expensive . this is actually the one place in this mall where i was actually greeted by a storeclerk and she asked if i needed any help . the store is a little small ; i would prefer a little more walking space . i want to grab some of the button up shirts they are pretty fly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is my favorite store in the entire mall ! always take care of you and if they do n't have what you want they 'll find it ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the so called store manager is far from being courteous . we purchased two pairs of glasses . we wanted to change the frame for one of them . the other staff are really nice and helpful . but this woman had such a bad attitude that she didnt even acknowledge us . the new frame started giving creaking noises soon . it was very annoying to wear them . so we decided to change them . this lady was literally fighting saying we ca n't return this as we have already returned once . when did we return ? ? ? we just changed the frames . what happens to the 90 day return policy ? we got so irritated and were adamant on returning the glasses . if she was n't ready to accept , we were thinking to go to the next level . after making us wait for 15 mts , she agreed . we decided not to enter that store hereafter . oakley should hire more courteous people . after all customer experience and satisfaction should be a company 's motto .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "among the most worthless shit-holes i 've experienced in toronto . more overpriced than a normal convenience store , bad customer service , expired products on the shelves ( including cereal even ! ) . avoid this place at any costs . you could take a taxi to the next closest minimart and buy a basket of goods , take a taxi back , and still save money . and you 'd get better stuff and deal with less attitude . if this store were a human i 'd punch its kidneys out .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "funky little convenience store across from the chum city building . i would not classify this as a convenience store . i 'd classify it as a yuppie convenience store . there was some great selection of things such as rao 's pasta sauce ( love the arribiatta ) and stroopwafels . also all kinds of gourmet chips . aisles are narrow and product is stuffed to the rafters in this place . a great convenience store is open late and gardenview is of no exception . you could very well do your grocery shopping here which i 'm sure some lazy people or people who live nearby must do . it served the purpose for my visit . a couple of quick items . however an interesting browse .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "things here tend to be a little more pricey than i initially thought ; i spent a few dollars more on kitty litter than i 've done at another convenience store down the street . it feels like every time i come here , i 'm surrounded by glittery , heeled gals en route to a hoochie club or loud teenagers trying to cut a deal on licorice , like they 're at a freaking asian market . the layout is cramped , and all the staples are overpriced -- big surprise , it 's a convenience store , duh ! so really , it 's only a place i 'll go to if i have to nab a pack of gum or need that last-minute kitty litter and have no other option .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "a small , over priced selection of fresh fruits and vegetables , dusty dried goods , and a freezer full of ben and jerry 's . slurpee's- yup , they 've got it . snacks galore- organic , natural sugar cakes- got that too . i once saw a woman spend well over $ 100 to do her grocery shopping and walked out with what would have cost less than $ 50 at loblaws . convenience is the key factor here . if you recipe calls for crushed up pretzals , but you just polished off a bag ( or have n't bought them in years ) gardenview has it .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "gardenview belongs in the `` enhanced '' convenience store category with rabba and 7-11 - maybe a super convenience store ? essentially there is a lot of selection and because it 's open all night , there is always a random assortment of characters in the store looking to buy stuff . among the things i 've rushed in to buy at the last minute : flowers , birthday candles , wd-40 , triscuits , wet catfood ( they actually sell a really good brand called wellness - surprising ) , a jar of almonds , soymilk and soy ice cream . also , gardenview is the only place in toronto ( that i 've seen ! ) that sells stroopwafel , the dutch wafer cookies . they 're right by the cash and cost about $ 4 a bag , and taste just like 'home ' !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've heard great things about this restaurant so i decided to try it . do n't waste your time and money on this place . i ordered shrimp fried rice and shrimp egg foo young . the rice is a yellow rice with onion and a few bean sprouts . that 's it . i 've made egg foo young at home and mine was better . it did n't have any taste and had a weird texture . i do n't know if it was n't cooked enough because it was on the soft side . i 'm not sure if i should give it another try with another dish . i 'll let my tummy guide me and see how i feel tomorrow .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i waited over an hour for my food , the delivery guy did not come into my apartment but made me walk outside after calling me for a second time because i couldnt find him and then hung up on me . then he was over my shoulder demanding a tip . i usually tip but if youre going to damand one , then no its not happening . will not be ordering from here again just based on that . update : worst sesame chicken ive ever had .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i always have good food at this place . i especially love the spare rib tips .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a place i have always been dreaming of ! j-town by the sea will probably be my to go place for anything japanese and fresh from the sea ! this place is just like a mini fish market in japan ! lunch special with a choice of 7 items till 2pm if you want a taste of well prepared cooked seafood or sashimi . kaisen don ( $ 10.80 ) was so so good . nothing fancy but have this homey feel or something prepared with care ! a mixture of cooked and raw seafood of what is fresh and available . there are also uni , eel and even exotic fish from japan . fresh or frozen seafood ... .sashimi heaven ! there is an small eat in area and you can eat from real bowl ! i will be back ! a grilled whole sea bream !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it was pretty decent , but not sure that i 'd return . ordered the hokkaido don . it did taste good , but i was still quite hungry after . i know that japanese food is generally smaller quantity , but i expected a little more for the price given how casual this place is . also tried some of my wife 's curry . it was okay , but i 've had better elsewhere .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "got the 8 piece sushi set and 3 onigiri ( yellowtail , mackerel , and tuna ) . the onigiris were really average . one of my onigiris fell apart because the rice was too dry . if you want a better quality onigiri , just step to the grocery store next door and grab one . the sushi set was average too . i expected the fish quality to be consistent throughout since this was a fish market first . in my opinion , only the fish roe sea urchin roll was on point . the other rolls did not taste that fresh and again , the rice was not great . my recommendation ? go to taro 's fish instead .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "the lunch chirashi special is okay but the rice is n't seasoned so it feels incomplete . food is only 3 stars . i purchased both the vancouver and boston uni . both fresh and worth $ 25 . this was the reason for my four star rating .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "was always looking forward to trying this place , but it was n't as amazing as i thought it 'd be . yes there 's uni and salmon for $ 12.95 , but the salmon slices were pretty thin . overall portion size is pretty small . which is fine , but i did n't find the uni or the salmon as fresh as people made it seem . it was n't bad , but it just ... was n't anything special . my friend ordered the fried tuna ? that was pretty mediocre as well . i do n't know , i just do n't see myself purposely coming here for my sushi fix .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "a hidden gem . i love japanese curry and i ordered lunch special # 5 ( curry atlantic cod ) and the curry tasted great . nice and spicy . they serve lots of different lunch specials every day so there is a lot of variety . they also have a big selection of sashimi grade fish that you do n't often find in run of the mill japanese restaurants . fresh uni , toro and kanpachi are some of the ones i have tried and they have all been excellent and very fresh , especially the boston uni ... ... mmmmm uni . they have a section that sells other japanese cooking supplies and goods too . like the rest of the restaurants and shops at j-town , i love this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "ordered lunch twice here . fish is definitely tasty and fresh here but disappointed in their inconsistent quality control and method of handling situations when i identified an issue regarding the food to the cashiers . when i ordered their hokkaido don the first time , it was ama-zing . so satisfying . i ordered the same thing weeks later and was shocked by the taste of the uni - the colour was off ... dark yellow almost brown ; i took one bite and it tasted stale rancid . just completely off and i love uni . i brought this up to the cashier , and all they did was say `` oh it 's not fresh ? `` , took away the uni and that was it . they did n't even bother replace the uni or apologize . did n't order anything raw from them again . just simply disappointed with the food and how the situation was handled . only came back to buy from their bakery or for their curry in their other food court .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is only a review on takeout orders from j-town by the sea . so far i have tried their dynamite roll with salad , unagi bara chirashi , pork katsu don and sashimi & sushi platter . their dynamite rolls are ok - falls apart quite easily , huge pieces , and tastes decent . the unagi bara chirashi is delicious and i pretty much get that most of the time . sashimi & sushi platter is good because their sashimi tastes fresh ! pork katsu don is way too salty for my taste . the lunch sets usually comes with mochi , but now sometimes it comes with small containers of octopus salad or eggplant instead of the dessert . the salads are good but i want the mochi balls back ! ! ! the tiramisu mochi is pure love ! ! ! all in all , i recommend this place for its sashimi and chirashi dons ! ! their cooked food are just ok .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "so we have the whole j town complex in general and individual places on yelp ... i did n't end up having lunch here , but i purchased some of the food products available in the fridges . there is a large amount of variety available , especially considering the small size of this place . they also have a sushi sashimi selection on the other side of the store , and the selection looked very impressive ( bluefin tuna , toro , etc ) . there is also a large seating area that 's mainly for people who ordered lunch or just want some free cold water available , but i 've also seen people coming from tora sushi to sit here , because it gets ... kinda lonely in that sushi place . as for the taste of what i bought ? well , i do n't know yet ; have n't eaten them yet . i 'm quite confident it 'll be tasty though ! if not , i 'll update this review accordingly . next time i 'll definitely try the lunch specials . no question about it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i did not like this place at all . the place seems to be dirty . i really hope the owner takes note and correct this problem . the food was not good at all . while preparing the shushi the rice was been taking out of a plastic bag", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a nice display of there menu . came here for lunch with a friend . the chirachi don has uni ! ! which i 've never found elsewhere . and there were many high end sashimi in the rice . the only con is that it was premade so the rice got a bit dry and cold .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is by far one of my favorite places to eat . a hidden little gem inside j town with different daily specials . the portions are very generous for its price and the quality is amazing ! i love how all the food is authentic and prepared with care . the soup that comes with the dishes are so homey and delish ! there 's also a few freezers where you can pick up some seafood for a very reasonable price . there 's also small quantity goods such as premium soy sauce , green tea , sake , sushi , etc .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always thought this restaurant is the food court in j-town supermarket , and i even had lunch yesterday at food court . it was a bit disappointing . then i was shopping around and found out there 's an other restaurant right beside the market , and this is actually the one i wanted to try ! so ... here i am today . we had # 2 atlantic cod and # 6 unagi barachirashi today . they were both super delicious and the fish were very fresh . # 2 has big portion though . each order has one soup and one side dish . they were surprisingly good too !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "will definitely come back for more sashimi and hokkaido don = ^ 0 ^ = the taste of dine- in order is excellent , but just like any authentic japanese cuisine , the portion is more delicate and petite ( compared to north american food ) . but yes ! this is definitely the place when you want to pamper yourself with a variety of sashimi , especially uni ( sea urchin ) and fresh fish . they also see frozen ika ( squid ) and different kinds of pre-cut sashimi . the pre-packaged sushi could be in the fridge for few hours ... but the chef of the handcraft nigirizushi ( hand- pressed sushi ) is quite professional . it 's still good , but i might have too much expectation after watching some authentic sushi making youtubes ... .xd just wish i could try some that are made-to- order next time . the fried food is okay ... they do n't have the special soy-sauce for tempura = (", "score": "4"}
{"review": "hands down the best sushi in toronto . beautiful , fresh fish , great service . real japanese family who runs the place . i would give higher ratings if i could . this is not luxury it 's a very simple place with incredible food . stand outs today were vancouver uni , almost as good as tokyo , beautiful grade a toro ( fatty tuna ) and the most delicate dynamite roll i 've ever tasted . i ca n't wait to return .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i used to travel 2 hours there just to enjoy the hokkaido don , and it never disappoints me , now i even wonder if they changed the cook , cuz the uni pieces are getting smaller and smaller every single timso as the salmon , did not taste as fresh . i really hope they will change it soon , or else they will loose a lot of customers .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "the only place i will buy sashimi grade raw fish from . i 've never ordered food from here , but i 've bought toro , uni and other types of raw fish many times . they are very patient if you want to ask about the types of fish . if you want a smaller piece than what they have pre-cut , they are usually accommodating enough to cut you a smaller piece . if you 're buying the raw fish , they 'll also ask if you want them to slice it into sashimi pieces for you . they have many different types of uni too , from boston or japan . i 've been here to buy raw fish to make my own sushi at home and it 's amazing . just remember that they only have toro on the weekends because there 's not enough demand on the weekdays . you can also go next door to the jtown grocery store to stock up on yummy japanese snacks !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small portion , and quite expensive for what it is . this place sells a lot of hard to find japanese food and ingredients . staff is really friendly . can het busy durinf lunch time . if you post and tag them on instagram you get a free mochi .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "urgh . asked for 15 pieces of salmon sashimi ( while pointing to a slab of salmon in the display case ) , which they somehow misheard as salmon sushi . waited for 15 minutes before they presented me with the sushi , which i then clarified was not what i ordered . waited another 10 minutes while they looked confused , then pointed to the same slab of salmon i had been gesturing to and asked if i wanted it to be sliced . oh , and waited 5 minutes after asking for ginger ... and explaining what ginger is . by the way , this is what $ 20 worth of salmon sashimi looks like . it better be the best tasting sashimi i 've ever had .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "been there numerous times and used to be real good . went back today and somewhat disappointed . we ordered a large sushi platter - the seafood and egg sushi was tasteless . they used to have a fresh fish squid shrimp egg sweetness . rice itself would disintegrate into pieces or separate from the seafood upon clamping . next was shopping for seafood - their unseasoned west coast salmon options were limited in choices quantities . most of them were seasoned or salted and other generic choices had limited labelling . ended up finding one small piece of wild caught bc salmon as they sold out . they used to have seafood curry which was to die for , but seems like the menu has changed a bit and looks different now . hopefully it 's still there and things will improve for the better again !", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i have been back several times since my last review and i just have to say the quality of fish has been on a steady decline . i usually order the hokkaido don and the slices of salmon were super thin . it made me wonder if they were cutting back on costs . the uni salmon and salmon roe were just not as fresh as i had remembered . another time i had bought the prepackaged sushi and this was the worst sushi i 've ever eaten . the rice was hard and falling apart and the fish was sooo fishy it made me gag . i do n't think i 'll be going back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "for lunch this is not a bad place if you want some acceptable and affordable seafood in japanese style . service is casual , expect a casual lunch . as for buying take out , the quality seems to have decreased when it changed hands to some other owner a couple years ago . i stopped buying sushi from then since . i might update the review after i try their sushi again .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this place . have been coming here for lunch regularly for about a year . authentic japanese , no frills and friendly service . great value . free citrus water as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i stopped by j-town to grab dinner just before 6pm on a friday night and there was nothing left except the case of boston uni and a spicy tuna roll . grabbed them from the fridge and ordered the hokkaido don combo to go . the set combos are made fresh and ready in about 5-7 mins . 4 stars goes to the hokkaido don , which was actually quite impressive . generous toppings of uni , ikura and salmon . the v rice was soft and warm ! the boston uni was fresh has a sweeter after taste compared to the vancouver uni . however , the spicy tuna roll was nothing to write home about . i love going to this place whenever i 'm the only one craving for raw fish . no fuss !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the hakkaido don - looked great on display but fell short of expectations . was n't as fresh as i was expecting and everything was just very average when it came to taste . really wanted to like it but my favourite part of the meal was the soup . will not be coming back again - for the same price , there are better .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i got the hokkaido don ~ \u3044\u305f\u3060\u304d\u307e\u3059\uff01\uff01the fresh uni , ikura and sashimi with the rice ... it 's like eating a big ass bowl of sushi goodness ! the fresh seafood here never disappoints ! j-town always has delicious meals , fresh seafood , and amazing service . not to mention the presentation is always on point !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everything is always so fresh and delicious . casual japanese restaurant market that is similar to food court dining . dishes are on the smaller side so good option for a light meal .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "pollygrind is always such a blast . this is the kind of film festival where you know you 're going to see the widest range possible of films from crazy demented horror to poignant dramas and laugh-out-loud comedies , and all kinds of filmmakers and budgets are represented . the screenings are always a fun time with great interaction and networking time for all the filmmakers in attendance , who come from las vegas and all around the world .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love pollygrind . every year i get to see a lot of movies created by some talented people . chad is an extremely supportive host as well.. i ca n't wait until this years pollygrind , even though i will miss theatre7 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's very fun , laid back with just the right amount of irreverence thrown in . lots of films to watch , all very entertaining and well made . plan on being there multiple nights . very worth it .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for a trim . no wait which was great , but my bangs are far from straight and entirely too short . i figured any place could handle a bang trim . lesson learned .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "as always nothing but a fabulous haircuts from maria . she does a great job she listens to you make suggestions and is very helpful when you 're trying to find what it is you want to do with your hair", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place gave me the worst haircut ever , that i might as well of cut my own hair ! i came in , and asked for a trim , but to keep my bangs . everything is going good , until the hair stylist cuts my bangs even after i said not to ! and when i said i wanted to keep my bangs , she ( rudely ) responded saying `` well you should of been more specific ! '' but i was pretty clear that i wanted to keep the top and bangs the same length . instead it 's all butchered ! i look like a pineapple ! ridiculous ! ! ! never go here unless you wanted to be treated like garbage and given a garbage haircut ! might as well have britney spears do my haircut , at least maybe she 'll listen ! the saddest part is i 've been here before , and they usually give me good haircuts , but guess not anymore .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the staff is always helpful and friendly when i go there and take my son for his cuts . they have my preferences saved in the computer which is nice . i might want to check-in online next time though b c it was pretty busy the last time i went in , but it was only about a 20 minute wait . they 're also very patient w my son b c he gets fidgety when his neck is done w the buzz cutter .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been going to this salon for years . i only let maria cut my hair . she listens and then cuts it the way you ask . she is a delight and i highly recommend her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i paid for a perm and did not get one . i showed the girl a picture so she knew what i expected . she never asked for help or told me she didnt know what she was doing . she picked the wrong size rod and didnt saturate my hair with enough product . so now i have dry frizzy hair with no perm . i spent four hours with her and 125 dollars for nothing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was interested in taking my first pilates class . i reached out to get information and i was told i had to take a private session first . i booked a private session and the team there was very nice and accommodating . the workout was good for a quick learning session . i 'm not leaving a bad review bc more or less i should have asked more questions . the mandatory private session cost me $ 75 because i was n't willing to buy a $ 345 package that day . if i would have know a mandatory private session was $ 75 i would n't have booked the session . lesson learned , facility is very clean and staff is very knowledgeable - however the prices are incredibly high .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "have been a client for about 2 years now and i ca n't say enough great things about dragonfly pilates . classes no matter which one you take , are always fun and great work outs . my favorite , barre class , is one of the best overall workouts . misty is fantastic and and my favorite instructor ever ! she is always watching for correct form and offers encouraging words to novice and experienced clients alike . i have been to both studios and they are bright , clean and equipment is top notch . no better pilates studio anywhere in pa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "misty and co. are still kicking my butt ! i love the new barre classes and misty 's constant evolution as an instructor . i visit often from the west coast , and notice that she is always on the cutting edge of the practice , incorporating new `` toys '' , techniques , and tricks to ensure that every class is working the whole body . the new shadyside studio is awesome , with tons of brand new equipment and a huge , bright studio space ! this is still the best pilates studio anywhere -- including california . sorry ellie herman .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "to begin with , the studio is gorgeous , with floor to ceiling windows overlooking walnut street , and a clean , beautiful wood floor . the equipment is state-of-the-art and well maintained . there are fun and useful pieces here that most studios do n't have . but it 's misty 's expertise , caring guidance , her x-ray vision of what 's going on with each person 's body and quick but gentle correction that ensures you will make continuous positive changes to your entire body ! tracy and rose are great instructors , too , and they will make sure you get the most out of every class or private lesson . whether you are recovering from an injury or just need the strength and stability found only in pilates , this is the place to come in pittsburgh ! keep up the great work and fly , dragonfly , fly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the personal touch -- -- at dragonfly whatever your level misty and tracy never treat you like one of the crowd . you receive individual attention , respect for you and your body and what is needed for y o u , your age , health issues etc . since i started taking classes at dragonfly , my balance , mobility , and flexibility have improved tremendously . i 'm a `` senior citizen '' -- -- though i do wish there were softer words for this challenging , amazing time of life -- -i need all the help i can get to keep strong , balanced and a smile on my face . over the years misty has often used the phrase `` with grace and dignity '' .i am happy to be living these words thanks to misty and tracy helping me find the right answers to my many challenges", "score": "5"}
{"review": "misty is the among the very best at what she does . i am a physical therapist and feel completely comfortable and confident sending clients to dragonfly who need core strengthening and body awareness . her level of expertise , education , passion , and experience are unmatched . further , her hilarious personality makes the classes so much fun !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was introduced to pilates here , and really enjoyed the experience . misty clearly enjoys her work and cares about her clients , and it shows in her work , and her patience with the `` flexibility-challenged '' like me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "misty is an enormously skilled teacher -- she has a comprehensive repertoire of exercises for all body types , fitness levels , specific injuries . the classes are never boring or repetitive . she also has a complete understanding of musculoskeletal anatomy -- whether it 's intuition , instruction , experience , or all of the above , she can zero in on specific muscles or parts of muscles that are doing something strange and can fashion a curative technique . the studio is bright and clean , and the equipment is top-flight . rose and tracy are also top-notch instructors . in short , i ca n't say enough good things about dragonfly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm a college student , athlete , and dancer who got introduced to pilates here with misty and susan . i am so grateful for their patience , guidance , and sense of humor ! i love the atmosphere , studio , location , people , and workouts . i 've felt improvements in my core strength , alignment , and back problems in a matter of consistent classes for a few weeks . thank you ! ! ! will continue to come as long as i live here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really enjoy pilates and love dragonfly pilates for a fantastic workout . i still go the traditional gym route , but definitely prefer pilates . tracy 's a wonderful and patient teacher and carefully observes so as to ensure students have and maintain proper form .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beautiful space to do amazing feats . chisled really is the word . i 've never done a workout so exacting that my body is snapping right into shape , and so challenging that i ca n't keep from coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not only the best coffee shop in mount washington but the best in pittsburgh . the local coffee shop you see in the movies that you think does n't really exist , well it does and this is it . the coffee and food are both amazing with lower prices than starsucks . the owners and employees are incredibly friendly and will learn your name by the second visit . if you like sports then talk to keith because he 's always up for a good discussion and his wife vicki will talk about anything else that fits your fancy . i honestly ca n't say enough good things about this place . i do n't drink alcohol so i like to think of this as my version of the local bar where everyone knows my name .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "local , friendly , and they have wonderful sandwiches , pastries and excellent coffee . tucked away near chatham village , this neighborhood gem caters to local residents and works hard to keep their business . there 's a cool local vibe . one of my favorite things is to sit outside on a sunny day .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best coffee shop in mount washington by far ! not only they are the best relative to the other establishments on the mount , but they also have several characteristics that make this coffee shop great for itself : - the friendliest and i mean friendliest staff . you are greeted with a smile and always remembered . consider it the cheers of coffeeshops . - good food ! and they have variety , from donuts to sandwiches and ice cream . - outdoor sitting in the weekends - you can bring your dog in when you are ordering ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great breakfast sandwiches and strong coffee . throw in the friendly service and fun games and you do n't need much more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent selection of coffee and my double shot of espresso was finished in 2 minutes flat . the espresso itself was very nice , smooth and not much bitterness at all , which was surprising . the food selection looked dynamite and i watched someone scarf down a sandwich and it looked delicious . this place was buzzing with locals and very dog friendly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "situated right near a cluster of hiking trails and a beautiful park , cafe cravings is a hidden gem ; the lush , whimsical decor and ultra fun specialty drinks ( try the bananas foster or village vanilla ! ) make this tiny cafe an oasis to step into after a hearty nature excursion . i love the full wall adorned with an image of a forrest waterfall , the funky colorful chairs , and the small-town , mega local feel . as a mt washington resident , i 'm thrilled to have this spot so close-by !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome local coffee shop . everyone is super nice , and they allow me in with my weenie dogs if i 'm stopping in on a walk . good food too ! ive only ever tried their breakfast sandwiches , and they are your usual homemade egg cheese meat combos on your choice of bread croissant english muffin , and they come with a side of fruit , usually a half orange in slices . they close around 3 on the weekdays . some mornings it can be a little busy in there with the regulars from chatham village , but i do n't mind waiting and chatting it up . its nice to have this right down the street from me , and ill definitely miss it when i eventually leave the neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "poor service , long wait time , no internet , very limited seating . if you are not a local who knows the staff , i would not go to cafe cravings for coffee or breakfast . on my multiple trips for weekend breakfast ( most recent being my last ) , my order was taken , and several people were served ahead of me . a wait time of 20 minutes for a bagel egg and cheese that bruggers manages to put together in less than 5 minutes is inexcusable and seems to be the status quo at this shop . the prices are reasonable , and the atmosphere is a decent attempt at hometown coffee shop , but if you are looking for good service , this is no place for an outsider .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "caf\u00e9 cravings embodies what a community coffee shop should be . the owners are incredibly friendly and when you order a sandwich , it 's packaged in a brown bag with orange slices or grapes ( like your own mom packed it for school ) . the only reason i did n't give caf\u00e9 cravings 5 stars is because i love dark roast coffee and their espresso is pretty weak . but the experience of the caf\u00e9 outweighs that , and the food is great for a quick breakfast or lunch sandwich . i hope this owner sees this and gets some bold dark roast beans !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "visiting pittsburgh and was looking for a cute , local place to stop for coffee and breakfast for my family of 6 . this place was perfect . the food was good , perfectly priced and my children were welcome . highly recommend for a local , family friendly breakfast . and the coffee was delicious !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i highly recommend this coffee shop . the coffee , homemade breakfast sweets and homemade soups are all very good . the owners are really , really nice ! i make it a point to meet a lot of my friends there and they love the place as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this cute cafe and i 'm so happy it 's in my neighborhood . i walk here often for breakfast and a caffeine fix . there are a lot of drink options . whether you are looking for a basic cup o ' joe or some frou-frou blended stuff , you can find it here . the breakfast sandwiches are super yummy and made to order . if it 's busy or if you 're with a large group , sandwiches may take a while to appear , but you 're not going to get a better breakfast sandwich for the price so just sit back and chat with the locals . the coffee is decent . it 's not the best in the city but it 's definitely your best option in and near the duquesne heights area . the owners are always so friendly and welcoming ! it 's truly a treat every time i visit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i used to live on mt . washington and i miss cafe cravings so much . i so miss not being able to walk there anymore . their drinks and food are awesome , just awesome . my mom always gets a green tea latte and she said that theirs is way better than starbucks . and i need to mention vicki and keith , the owners . i think those are the right names . they are so unbelievably friendly and after just a few visits i would walk in and vicki immediately knew my drink order . and keith is usually singing ! it just made me happy going in there !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this little shop and was sad when i moved away - just out of walking distance . i still make the trip though - the breakfast sandwiches and friendly service are worth it . they have a good selection of coffees and always give orange slices with your breakfast . do n't come here in a rush or you will miss out on the great atmosphere and neighborhood feel the owners have successfully created .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great lunch spot if you are looking for a quick not expensive local spot . great coffees and sandwiches ! pleasant owner and service ! when we are back in pittsburgh we will sure stop in again ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "loved this bigham find ! perfect if you are looking to grab a little breakfast or lunch and a coffee . we had the turkey egg whites provolone on wheat and were happy with it ! also had the banana nut chai . we stopped in on a sunday around 11:30 and a line quickly formed after we had walked in . i think this is a regular stop for people who live in the area . easy parking in front on the street . i would definitely pop in again if i 'm on mount washington .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great little cafe . visiting pittsburgh from out of town , and this popped up as a spot to grab a quick breakfast on our way to our next destination . easy to find parking out front , which was surprising for a saturday at 9am . i got a pork roll cheese egg sandwich on a bagel with a coffee . great price point , simple but delicious sandwich . most tables are 2-seaters with only one booth that could seat the three of us ( though there were extra stools and chairs out that you could pull over ) . i would certainly make it a point to come here on the regular if i was a local , and you can tell the folks that work there know their regulars . the other patrons were all relaxed and joked with the staff . overall , happy we stopped here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "cafe cravings is mt . washington 's little gem . really awesome staff and excellent roast beef paninis iced coffee breakfast sandwiches ! 5 stars all the way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great coffee and teas , delicious sandwiches . the owner is a super nice guy , love having this little gem so close to home !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place was great . i ordered the turkey club panini and it was an amazing sandwich . they also make fresh fruit smoothies that my wife loved . i would have given 5 stars but they were a bit slow- sandwiches took about 15 minutes .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my previous review mentioned a lack of internet , but the last time i was there , i was able to log on via xfinity .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is a nice quiet mom and pop place to grab a specialty coffee and a light breakfast to start your day . it 's in the middle of a nice and shaded part of mount washington . it makes it nice to take a walk after eating . the food menu is limited because it is so small which is holding back a little .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "very cozy , eccentric cafe . the paninis were pretty good and they had great options . it 's a small space , but they make great use of it and there are places to sit inside and out . the women working behind the counter were sweet and welcoming .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is neighborhood coffeeshop , and locally owned . we all know supporting locally owned business is a good thing . i like the fact that they carry boar 's head lunch meats and cheeses for their deli sandwiches . they close early everyday , around five , and open early . breakfast sandwiches all day long , great lattes , pumpkin spice , everything you like about the chain places and a nice atmosphere . owners are friendly too . stop in at 402 bigham street !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "on our way to north carolina from buffalo we pulled off the main highway in a relentless driving rain into pittsburgh for lunch . not familiar with the city , our cellphone service was going in and out so we had to find somewhere quick that was dog friendly . luck was on our side when we stumbled upon caf\u00e9 cravings . we both ordered sandwiches which hit the spot on a rainy day . my blt was delicious , perfectly layered on fresh white lightly toasted bread . an old school fave with enough bacon to slip a few bites to my dog . service was great and the girls even put out a small bowl of water for my happy pooch . thanks to the staff that worked on june 23rd !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it hurts me to put one star on this but there was n't that much variety in dishes and the restaurant is small . i was there for a party so maybe that 's why our choices were limited but it was very expensive for what we got .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "apportez votre vin ! un bon petit italien de quartier , sympa , la cuisine est dans la salle de r\u00e9ception . la carte est petite , mais les choix sont adapt\u00e9s a toutes les faims . les gerants sont tres gentils et ns ont offert une bonne soupe chaude en entr\u00e9e !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "italian food at it 's best ! nice outside patio on a stretch of park ave that is not the best of location . the food here is fresh , home made and rich in flavor . the cook and owner make sure that you feel welcome and at home . as a foodie , smell , looks and taste are the basics , not to mention service . decor is humble but real italian food is humble and rich at the same time . plus you can bring your own wine , what is not to like here ? ? ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "$ 59.70 to have 3 pairs of pants shortened . two pairs did n't even need cutting - just a quick fold and sew because the hems were worn . what a rip-off ( pardon the pun ! ) i do n't care that this is the closest place to me ; i 'll go elsewhere for better value .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really great experience . super friendly service and cleaned my filthy suit and tie exactly as requested . i had spilled whipped cream everywhere and it came out pristine . they even fixed a pull in my tie .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i brought in 8 shirts to be cleaned and when i picked them up i swear they were not taken off the rack , possibly even dirtier than when i left them . i could n't believe they even pretended to clean them . absolute rip off and will not return or recommend to anyone . lots of great places within walking distance", "score": "1"}
{"review": "avoid at all costs . i took the exact same order in on two different occasions and was charged differently each time . when i ( respectfully ) asked to see the price list because of the discrepancy the woman behind the counter raised her voice and accused me of being disrespectful . when i tried to explain why i wanted to see a price list she became even more irate . i kept a calm demeanor throughout despite the fact that she interrupted me whenever i tried to speak . this place of business lacks transparency to the point where they wo n't even tell you what they 're charging you . i highly suggest that prospective customers go elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really not happy with the service i received at platis . over double what i pay at my local cleaners . do n't recommend it . i ca n't complain about the job they did on my 2 shirts but $ 25 for two shirts seems outrageous .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i found them to be the exact opposite of the previous glowing review . yes , two people did show up ( but 1 2 hour early ) , stayed about an hour and forty five minutes ( but claimed they were there for two hours ) , missed some major dirt that required me to clean up later after they left . they charged $ 130 , so that equated to about $ 40 an hour . you would expect at those rates they would be thoroughly professional . thus , major fail . no , i wo n't be calling them again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they might clean well ... i would n't know . we scheduled two cleaning services for two separate houses on the same street almost a week in advance , they verified the service the previous friday , and they cancelled on monday , the day of service . they 'd have penalized me for breaking an appointment day of service . wish there was a penalty for them . very disappointed , as they were the most expensive quote i received , and let me down like i would have expected from the lowest bidder .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been a customer of molly maids for years . why ? 1 - crew is always on time 2 - flexibility - if i need to change my day slot , i can do so without fail 3 - nothing has ever been stolen ( lol ) 4 - the house sparkles 5 - reliability and consistency i have used 4 other cleaning services since moving here 9 years ago . invariably , all the others eventually slacked off in quality , which is why they got the boot . not with molly maids , however . also , the franchise owner , kurt , is very approachable and a real gem . i had to suspend service for a few months , and he was kind enough to keep my prime slot for me ! and , kept my rate the same when i returned . not many business owners would be that accommodating .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm happy to add one more star back to molly maid as the a-team that i requested came by last week and they did an excellent job ! fortunately i will now have the same team each visit . sorry to say though that i never heard from molly maid about the email i sent ...", "score": "4"}
{"review": "molly maids has been cleaning my house for something like three years now , with a short break sometime in there when , like a fool , i thought i could do it myself . there is a reason i called them to come back - great cleaning crew : very thorough ( they clean under the beds . i know ! ) , attention to detail ( towels are left folded hotel-style . like a nice hotel that your loaded parents pay for and you get to free ride ) and they are genuinely super duper nice . the team left me a congrats note when i had a baby , brings in packages that get dropped off while they are working , and if i need to adjust the schedule they are sweet and accommodating . i would recommend them to anyone who likes an affordable yet super clean home . if that 's not your style , you could go with someone else i guess .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had first cleaning recently and was pleased . a bit pricey compared to last one , but much better attitudes ! that includes the team and management .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the molly maid team did a great job on the recent `` move out '' clean of my mom 's condo . they showed up on time and did everything i asked . my mom 's condo looks amazing . i would highly recommend molly maid of east phx and paradise valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my experience with molly maids has been terrible . when i initially called , i was told that they would send two people out to clean and that based on a 1000 to 1500 square foot home , it would take one to two hours . well , my apartment is 800 square feet and not dirty . there was not even any dirty dishes in my sink . in fact , when the ladies showed up , i told them not to clean my bedroom , so now we 're talking about 600 square feet . they stayed for the entire 2 hours ! ! i felt completely taken advantage of . i got a call on monday and was told they were charging me $ 159 ! ! ridiculous . when i complained , i was offered a $ 15 discount . that 's like a slap in the face . the worst part is that i called back monday afternoon to ask for a real discount and was told that i would get a call back . guess what ? crickets ever since . i highly recommend avoiding this business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "really happy with the service i receive from molly maids . my crew does a great job and do n't mind being in a house with a dog . i am comfortable having a relative stranger in my home while i am not there . they are response to my needs always inquire if i am happy and what else they can do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "molly maids are very professional and on time . if they are running behind they will call to let me know what time to expect them . they do a thorough job . i am very pleased with theirs service both as a business and with the employees that come to my home .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "molly maids are always efficient and always on time . i love when i come home after they have been there . we will continue to use their services every month . i love my crew of ladies ! ! ! i absolutely would recommend them to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the ladies did a very thorough job and completed the house in a timely manner . i 'm impressed and would highly recommend to others !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "molly maid came through on short notice and did a wonderful job for my move out . due to a job relocation , i was very short on time . scheduling was quick . the job was thorough . and in the end , i did receive my security deposit back . i would highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is our 3rd time using molly maids of north phoenix paradise valley . scheduling staff has always been very accommodating working around our travel and vacations trips . it 's great to come home to a sparkling clean house .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we have had our home cleaned for years , and this is by far the worst company we 've ever used . we came home today and the refrigerator was n't wiped down ( very obvious ) , the microwave was n't wiped down , our hardwood floors were n't vacuumed or mopped , the shutters were cocked all over the place ... ..such a disaster . the only time they 've ever done it right was when we complained and they sent quality control . this is the very last company i would ever use to clean your home . oh , and their `` 24 hour notice and we 'll come back and fix it '' routine ? when you are selling your home you do n't really have time to let it sit and wait for them to come back . molly maids , how about you try getting it right the first time ?", "score": "1"}
{"review": "love , love , love this company . i have used their monthly cleaning service for nearly a couple years now and they do a great job every time . the cleaning crew is detailed , they do a fantastic job of taking care of special requests , and i feel safe having them in my home . the owner , mark , is outstanding . he does a great job of taking care of his customers . this is by far one of my favorite bills to pay each month because i love what i get for my money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we just acquired a new business and needed the apartment on site cleaned and i was very impressed with diana and nancy , ask for them if you hire molly maids . i was down in the office working and could smell the clean from upstairs ! ! great job ladies ! ! ! ! thank you .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "molly maid of east phoenix scottsdale and paradise valley are super great ! they have been cleaning our home on a weekly basis for a couple of months now . korina is simply the best cleaner we have ever had ! we would highly recommend the company and korina in particular !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great company to work with . good communication . great teams of workers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we absolutely love our barn door . they did a fantastic job of matching the finish to our existing custom doors . it 's a stunning piece of art ! the customer service is also outstanding . these guys are polite , professional and on point . bravo !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i got a beautiful barn door installed in my house last year , and i can not tell you how many compliments i have received . the door transformed my entire house , and i love the results . jeff is the owner of the company , and he is one of the friendliest most knowledgable people i have met in the business . i would recommend this company to anyone .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "concerning their customer service , it 's top notch ! i worked with jeff and the guy is outstanding . easy to work with within a world i do n't know and he calmed all concerns . these guys get customer experience and quality . high recommendation , no doubt !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow ! i ca n't begin to tell you how much we love our barn door . i was excited about getting one but a little nervous about how it would look in our hall . not only is the door absolutely beautiful but it makes our hall look fantastic ! our son feels like he has his own private suite since it leads to the hall of his bedroom . they made rustic very elegant . they also did a barn wood wall in our family room with custom framed windows . every detail on both jobs are exceptional . we also hit the jackpot with `` one king street '' and all of the custom work they did to make our kitchen , bathrooms , living room and dining room everything and more then i dreamed of . thank you to the entire staff at both companies , i could n't be happier !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "chad was great in getting our specialty door installed . i was n't sure if it could be done due to the thin framing on top but they managed beautifully . i 'm really happy with the look , and they were consummate professionals from start to finish .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from start to finish the barn door store was fantastic to work with . the finish product was perfect . their barn doors made the room ! special thanks to luke for making the entire experience a pleasure , beautiful product and great service . highly recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "4 stars for the drink ... .1 star for the service . most miserable bunch i have seen in a long time ! i got the tropical protein which consisted of mango , pineapple juice , tropical nectar and whey protein . warning - this drink is extremely filling and could probably serve as a meal substiute ( clocking in at 350 calories ) - this drink will combat hunger the way benzoyl peroxide targets a pimple !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "service here was quick and standard , nothing special . food is decent , did n't blow me away , there may be better options than what i selected . extreme protein shake - this drink is very heavy , coming in at 364 calories but has the most protein of any of their beverages . it does however just taste like protein ... there is a lot of whey chicken caesar flatbread - clocks in at 667 calories with 32g of fat and 33g of protein . very filling but lacking in flavor ... it tastes healthier than it actually is .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "this is a great climbing gym . the rope climbing room has top ropes , leading , cracks , via ferrata , a 25 ' high slack line , kids play area , a campus board , and some other things i 'm probably forgetting . the bouldering room is bigger than the rope climbing room . it has lots of interesting and varied problems including steep areas , low angled areas , routes requiring stemming or manteling . the climbs are not super crowded together with lots of wall space left open to flag you foot out and smear . there is also a small gear shop and showers and a fitness room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "climbing gym ! ! ! ! awesome gym , they have a huge bolder room with slack lines ! ! ! ! 2 of them ! i may just be overly excited to be at a climbing gym , ( as i live in a crappy town with the closest one being 3 hours away ) but i really liked this one . the staff was very accommodating and polite especially since i probably sounded like a huge american douche as i did n't speak any german . it was like 10 euros to get in if you bring gear . you do n't have to sign a waiver or get belay tested because i guess in germany by paying to get in you have accepted responsibility of know what you are doing . so that 's cool . i only bouldered but the top rope look pretty cool as well . i would and will come back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "no men 's clothing ? most locations give short shrift to men 's items but this one seems to go whole hog-ette and market exclusively to women . you think they could at least note it on the sign like `` joe fresh women '' and not waste your time and male dignity walking in , looking for men 's clothing , finding none , and then appearing like you 're really just there to take voyeur shots in the women 's change room . pity . joe fresh has some fairly decent men 's items . like my soju drinking jacket ( http : s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com bphoto uzkotfmn0dnm3d8car2rtg l.jpg ) . seriously . found that baby at joe fresh ( down at the water front ) . during pride weekend , no less . the boxer briefs are cheap and good quality and great for putting on under track pants for your high intensity treadmill . nothing worse than red throbbing chaffed thighs . feel the burn . no thanks . but . yeah . nothing here for men .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "joe fresh is located inside vaughan mills is not an outlet store . but with the prices of joe fresh , it really has no need for outlet pricing ! ! always a good place to pick up some basic , everyday clothing , a scarf or a hat ... .. i like the set up of the store here because it is really spacious , organized and bright . the staff are really helpful and nice .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i came to joe fresh with absolutely no expectations because back in the day , their clothes were uggggglly . however , recently , one of my old high school classmates posted a lovely sweater on her facebook and she told me that it was from joe fresh . and since i was on a break at work the other day , i decided to go ahead and give it a go to see if there was anything cute . oh my gosh . there are animal shirts ! shirts with cats on them , sweaters with french bulldogs , tees with birds , silk dresses with cute cats ... zomg ! ! ! it was awesome . their stuff is really cute ! and at an insanely reasonable price . i bought 2 sweaters for $ 29 each . in terms of quality , they were n't bad at all . i 'm sure that this stuff is not meant to last more than a season but it will be a fun season while it lasts ! : ) will definitely come back to find some cute finds !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the guys who run this shop are great . they will let you know what work needs to be done now and what work you can hold off on for a later date if needed . their estimates are fair and accurate ( no nickel and diming you like some places ) . i recently had an steering issue . both pep boys and tire works told me that the steering gearbox needed to be replaced ( $ 600 ) . matt looked at it and found that the steering shafts needed to be replaced instead for about half the price .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest and dependable mechanics ! ! ! asked them to inspect my entire car and brake system as my car has over 100k miles and was having break issues . spent less than $ 200 . will definitely be back when needed . thanks guys ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i absolutely love this place , not that i look forward to car issues but these brothers are always honest and dependable . prices are always the lowest , i 've recommendeded several people and they can all say the same ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a good mechanic friend tipped me off to them . very honest dependable group of guys working at the shop . i own a euro car and i think they have exp in any type of car . 10 times cheaper than taking it to your great service department where you purchased your car . mind you at the dealership they are charging you 150 hr for labor and the mechanic gets commission only . these guys do it the right way and never scheme to make an extra dollar . they also work with extended warranties .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the best in the business ! i travel from phoenix , if i need anything major repaired on my vehicles . they are honest and thorough . everything is straight forward and reasonable for the high quality craftsmanship , you will receive .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a great experience at vegas valley fleet and auto . they just opened a few months ago and do great work . each of the mechanics has a lot of experience and they really are honest . it 's nice to have someone you can trust to do just what needs to be done . highly recommended !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best mechanics in las vegas . i met jimmy through a friend a few years ago and i will always take my vehicles to vegas fleet & auto . i highly recommend this shop for anyone looking for a mechanic . i can guarantee you that you will be blown away with their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finally an honest auto shop . matt and his team are great . thought i was going to have to take out a small loan for my repairs , but the prices were very reasonable . brought my car in the morning and ready the same d ay . explained the work that was needed and actually showed me the old parts . i would definitely recommend vegas vally fleet . thanks again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fast and friendly ! called all over the place and fleet was kind and worked my civic hybrid in for an oil change in 20 minutes ... right before they closed on a saturday afternoon ! i 'll be coming back here for sure ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from vehicle inspections before i decide to buy , to maintenance before i sell , these guys are the only ones i trust to repair and maintain my vehicles . they are honest , priced right , and efficient . you wo n't find better mechanics ! highly recommend !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great mechanics ! service was professional , honest and they got me back on the road quickly . it 's hard to find reliable mechanics . these guys give great service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the greatest in vegas ! ! ! a family owned business , 2 brothers jimmy & matt , are honest and do the best repairs in town . affordable and not out to rip off single women , like my mom and i , they are courteous and professional . they offer complete vehicle maintenance and repair . we have our cars serviced from oil changes to minor and major repairs . i have never in my life have had an auto shop give us such affordable & awesome service !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "finding great customer service is so rare these days , but i found it here ! i went in for an oil change and to get my car checked for a weird `` clunking '' noise . they test drove my car with me and i pointed out the noise that i was hearing . they called and told me that they might have to replace a certain part and they quoted me a price which was n't bad at all . then they called me again and told me that the parts were in good condition and they had to just tighten up the loose bolts . i really appreciated their honesty in not having to replace the part and the price they charged for labor was very decent ( unlike the dealerships where i usually have to pay ~ $ 200 just for labor ) . i 'm glad i found this place - recommended to me by my sister . overall , they 're just really kind , friendly , and honest ! definitely recommend this place .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great local company to support . you wo n't find a more honest and professional shop ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i did n't have any mechanical services done but 20 $ to top off oil from a older car that is low on oil is a bit steep ... . my oil changes cost about that much . i called to let them know my oil was low and usually at other places it 's about 5 $ ... . or even free ... the owners are very nice and the place is tucked in , in a business complex .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "most respectable service out there ! fast , courteous professional service . you will no find a more honest car repair service in the valley", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shady . they were supposed to do all my brakes , they only did the rear . they quoted a lower price than they charged . inspection from another mechanic found : 1 ) they neglected to lube the brakes . ( they showed me , the brakes were completely dry . ) 2 ) there was air in the brake lines . on top of that , the customer service was rude and standoffish . there are dozens of better options in town , do n't waste your time with these guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "there are moments you find jewels hidden where you did n't expect . after a trip to best buy in mayfield heights , i chanced upon a little store on the back side of a building off of golden gate boulevard . i was both surprised and pleased . mayfield fine foods is a little shop with a lot packed inside . the store has breads , cheeses , candies , fish and meats from all over europe , russia and other exotic places , and for those who have emigrated here , you might find a little slice of home ( or a whole cake , for that matter , ) at this fine establishment . the owner is a kind soul and very helpful ; he knows his stock well . the only downside to this place is how hard it is to find ; the store is on the backside of the address , so make sure you head around back , you wont be sorry . if you 're looking for everything from kefir to caviar , this little shop may just be for you .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i moved from baltimore hoping to find a store that carried foodstuffs from eastern europe for a fair price , and it took me almost a year to go off the beaten path and find mayfield fine foods . very inconspicuous looking from the outside , and very plain looking on the inside , but they stock absolutely everything in terms of eurasian imports . caviar , pastries , candy , meat , cheese , canned goods , juices , cookies , waters , juices , and especially tea . the tea selection is huge , and all super high quality . it 's the only place where i buy my tea from now . my favorite part is how they offer a discount for paying with cash , and bulk discounts on cases of sparkling water . this makes shopping here the best compared to other similar niche markets in the area . i always stop by here on the way back from the costco next door , and you really should too . you might be surprised with what you find there .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "people are friendly and some one is always there to help you when you need it ! great choices of fresh produce . love this store ! ! ! ! the best russian food store in cleveland", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so excited to find a european food store close to home . right across from costco no less . owner was so friendly and helpful , he found my ever elusive lingonberries and gave me a welcome candy . we love to support local shops and will be back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent food and service ! their butter chicken and naan are always fresh .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm disappointed . shahi tandoor food is identical to its original restaurant tandoori style - i think the chef spent many years working there . the recipes are exactly the same . i disagree with roger c. , the only thing different about shahi tandooi is that the customer service is terrible . the hostess owner is very rude and arrogant . i would not go back to this place . although the food taste good , its equally as good if not better at tandoori style .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i am really happy that we found this place . it is right around the corner of our office and we drop by for lunch at least once per week . the food is very reasonably priced and delicious . i personally would recommend the chicken karahi , the tikka masala and of course the butter chicken . my friends from india said that this was authentic food from the area . any friends i have brought here agree that the food is delicious . the staff is very friendly and accommodating . i would definitely recommend dropping by for a visit .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am very picky about food and service . this is one place i go back to over and over again . a friend had invited us to dinner here and we were veryyy pleased with how the evening went . the owner is a very sweet lady , and very accommodating . we have since been back with other friends and family , all have loved it ! we will now be catering from them for an upcoming event . you will not be disappointed !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "update : based on our previous experience here we decided to come back here with more friends and family and introduce them to good food . we were right , the food was amazing again , and i was able to find the channa masala i had been craving for weeks . this place is a must try for a food lover ... .truly impressive and i cant wait to back here again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously great . okay so we all know this is abortion clinic . and no one really wants to get an abortoin , or like . it 's really not a first choice . so anyway . i ended up pregnant and super scared . their phone staff was super nice even if i was a bit nervous to make my appointment . because honestly . i was scared . i didnt know what to expect . anyway , so its a two appointment kinda deal and you will have tp wait a bit in the waiting room . there might be some prolife people putside but parking is under the building so you dont have to walk past them . but honestly . they turned somethimg super scary to me into something that really wasnt bad . you 're going to be okay . they offer counseling after if you feel like you need it . preterm trust women and want to help ypu .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a 22-year-old woman died in 2014 of complications during an abortion , the cuyahoga medical examiner 's office ruled friday . lakisha wilson of canal winchester near columbus was rushed to the hospital during the termination her pregnancy march 22 at preterm abortion clinic . she died a week later of `` cardiopulmonary arrest immediately following elective abortion of intrauterine pregnancy , '' the medical examiner 's office said .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "solid medical expertise , accessible services , highly-qualified professional staff , clean and modern facility .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the parking lot is a tad cramped but after making entry you can get everything 7-11 related . the bonus is the serve booze . the price is not what your going to get at a major alcohol providing chain or a grocery store . but ... if you are looking for convenience this location is for you . my interaction with the gentleman behind the counter was rather sterile , but if i was a fifty something year old male working at 7-11 , i am sure i would be stand offish too . three stars for providing hard liquor .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "it 's 7 eleven . it is what it is- a quickie stop . i 've been to some quick stops where night people are intense- either seems cracked out or paranoid you 're going to steal . the night people are nice and easy going . shockingly the donuts are good and fresh . someone mentioned its from a local donut shop , but did n't know which .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i was treated extremely rudely by the female employee today at 3:45pm . i walked in and stopped at the counter , not realizing there was someone ahead of me . she looked at me and aid , `` you do realize there was someone ahead of you ? '' well , obviously i did not . but to dress down a 53 yr old woman who stops in every other day or so in front of customers was not only rude but completely unacceptable behavior for anyone in customer service . i ended up walking out after she could not even manage to ring the one item from the kid ahead of me . i wo n't be back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's hard to write a review and keep it specific to the store . what can i say , the store itself is a 7-eleven , you get 711 service and products and got ta love them slurpee 's . this location itself is vampyric ... as in ; during the day the location is nice and peaceful but at night the monsters come out . i live in the area and had to come here late the other night and it was bad , you had cars full of young adults playing music so loud i could barely hear . a gentleman was inside the store intoxicated trying to start fights with patrons . i thought for a moment i was on boulder hwy . i got my big gulp , paid for it , and could n't get out of there fast enough . the parking lot itself is not well lit and there is no security to keep the paying customers feeling safe .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "they have a new policy that you must spend $ 5 to use cc or debit . i do n't always carry cash and just stop in for a soda or coffee . they have my favorite tea which is the only reason i started coming here . short line express is across the street and they have no problem with how little you spend for a cc and they people are great . i will be going there now . btw , not all 7 elevens gave this policy . the owners are just being cheap .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've been here twice and each time i 've left commenting to my husband about how unexpectedly impressed i am with this place . the first time we walked in there was a young man mopping the floor who greeted us politely . the fellow behind the counter was upbeat and polite . the store was clean , bright and stocked . it was just a pleasant experience all around . the second time i went in was during the morning . there were 2 different young men working , both greeted me on my way in and were friendly at the counter . i 'm happy to have this 7 11 in my neighborhood .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "free slurpee day what more can i say ! today they brought in extra employees to hand out free small slurpee cups and had games for the kids with giveaways ! free samples of their hot food was an extra treat !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "not very convenient to get to from south side durango without a u turn . parking lot is extremely small and hard to navigate . shortline across the street is way easier .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "it 's everything you would expect from 7-eleven . it 's clean and well maintained . you have your usual selection of great beverages and the normal 7-eleven food . nothing that you would want to eat everyday but sometimes you need that calorie bomb that can only be satisfied by 7- eleven .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i do n't like the policy where when using a cc or debit card you got ta spend $ 5 or more . sometimes i need to get a drink real quick and it 'll be $ 3 and wo n't be able to pay with my card . not all 7-11 are like this . but i usually never carry cash with me . but other than that i 'd say it 's a lot cleaner than most 7-11 's .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "customer service is from hello and goodbye . so i get to the register and mary was checking my items out . when she saw i was paying with a card , she picked up her cell phone and started texting right in front of me . wow this 711 was one of the best back in the day lol literally last year . how things have changed . just astonishing that they allow her to text in front of customers .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "war neulich bei freunden und wir beschlossen etwas zu essen zu bestellen bei al paradise . habe mir die lasagne f\u00fcr 8\u20ac bestellt weil man da ja nicht viel falsch machen kann ... denkste : meine lasagne bestand aus nudelplatten mit einer f\u00fcllung aus kochschinken ( formfleisch ) , gekochte eier und tk erbsen . das ganze mit ein wenig k\u00e4se \u00fcberbacken und mit reichlich \u00f6l \u00fcbergossen . das war so ekelig das ich es nach einem bissen entsorgt hab . fazit : nie wieder man h\u00e4tte das gesundheitsamt einschalten sollen", "score": "1"}
{"review": "also gegen das essen kann man gar nix sagen . aber der service ist unter aller sau sowas ist mir in meinem leben noch nie vorgekommen . zum teile bedienungen da wo kein wort sprechen und einen eisklat ignorieren . ich war oft da aber das war mein letztes mal dort in diesem restaurant . nicht mal wenn ma es mir zahlen w\u00fcrde niiiiie wieder", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ein super toller italiener . das restaurant liegt zwar ein wenig versteckt gl\u00e4nzt aber mit einem tollen \u00fcberdachten biergarten mit integriertem steinofen in dem die pizza dann traditionell zubereitet wird . von vorspeise \u00fcber hauptgang und dessert hatte ich dort noch nie etwas schlechtes . alle hat super geschmeckt und ist frisch zubereitet . vorallem die w\u00f6chentlichen empfehlungen sind immer f\u00fcr eine kulinarische \u00fcberraschung gut . die portionen sind wirklich gro\u00df und das preis-leistungsverh\u00e4ltniss passt definitiv ! das personal ist aufmerksam und sehr freundlich . ich pers\u00f6nlich besuche das restaurant immer gerne und oft und finde keinen minuspunkt ! manchmal wartet man ein wenig auf das essen , dies liegt aber daran das es gut besucht ist .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently my son had to go gluten free . we heard about this place from a friend and decided to try it . they had gluten free pizza and noodles . both of them are delicious ! all 3 of my kids ate all of their food . they were so full they fell asleep on the way home . the staff was very friendly and prices were good . i would definitely recommend this restaurant", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wir waren schon oft im al paradise und sind immer sehr zufrieden . meistens essen wir pizza und gem . salat . das salat-dressing ist suuuuper lecker und das pizza-brot , das dazu gebracht wird - hmmm . auch die pizza ist genial . riiieesig , d\u00fcnner knuspriger boden und gut belegt . bei der `` hawaii '' k\u00f6nnte manchmal ein wenig mehr ananas drauf sein . die bedienung ist sehr nett und chef und chefin auch . wir holen hier auch oft pizza und essen zu hause . wirklich immer zu empfehlen !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "boy , this place was had to find . if you are in the parking lot of the tennis club , you are in the wrong parking lot . go to the parking lot for sport welt , then follow the signs on foot . the food was really good . i am not an italian food expert but i thought my gnocchi was really good . the margherita pizza was less impressive though . the crust was good , tomato sauce was bland , and the cheese was not mozzarella , and no sign of basil . relatively slow service , but that seems to be the norm for germany .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ohne lokale kenntnis schwer zu finden , direkt hinter der sportwelt . von au\u00dfen ist das geb\u00e4ude sehr schmucklos , die einrichtung ist ok. macht einen sauberen eindruck , es gibt an den au\u00dfenseiten gem\u00fctliche b\u00e4nke . wir hatten spaghetti bolo und tortellini gorgonzola , beides war nicht besonders gew\u00fcrzt , die spaghetti noch dazu etwas weich . die pizza chef und salami waren sehr gut , riesig ( ! ! ) , d\u00fcnn , knusprig und gut belegt . bier vom fa\u00df aus der region ( sch\u00f6nbuch ) , genau mein geschmack . der service gut und freundlich . preise sehr in ordnung . wir versuchen es auch mal im sommer , dann im garten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "zun\u00e4chst einmal : die anschrift ist rudolf-harbig-str . 6 , 71063 sindelfingen , etwas versteckt hinter dem neuen fitnessstudio des vfl sindelfingen . die telefonnummer ist 07031 724075 . ein familienbetrieb . hier verkehren haupts\u00e4chlich die sportler des vfl sindelfingen , auch die sitzungen der abteilungen finden hier statt . dadurch kann es schon mal ungem\u00fctlich voll werden oder man hat viele personen , die durch das lokal in ihre sitzungsr\u00e4ume gehen . trotzdem , die bedienung ist immer aufmerksam , immer flott und das essen ist halt typisch italienisch , aber immer frisch , schmackhaft und preiswert . die pizza ist kaum zu schaffen , auch die anderen speisen sind reichlich . `` feine k\u00fcche '' sollte man jedoch nicht erwarten .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "guter schneller service . die glutenfreie pizza f\u00fcr meine frau sah sehr gut aus und schmeckte auch gut . auch meine meeresfr\u00fcchte war sehr gut und gro\u00df .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i always had friends who did martial arts but i never really was interested in doing it myself . i drove by olga a couple days ago and decided that i should try it out , to my pleasant surprise i saw that they 're offering a `` one week free trial '' . i had no excuse since i live close by and decided to be a member . long story short , i 'm `` hooked '' now . i can now combine my gym workouts along with learning how to defend myself in a fun and passionate environment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "one love grappling arts is one of the best schools in arizona . issa is a very patient and very informative instructor . if you 're new to the sport or an experienced veteran of the game . one love grappling arts is the place to take you to the next level .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nate dawg approved 100 % . issa able is a world class grappler . with years of martial arts experience and instructing .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been involved in the mma jiu-jitsu world for over ten years now and i have n't met an instructor with the level of skill , professionalism as well as kindness than issa able at one love grappling arts . the facility is very family friendly with very elite standards from the children 's program all the way to the competition team . when it comes to learning a functional form of self-defense or seeking a world championship title one love grappling arts is the best place in phoenix to commit oneself to . can not recommend them enough ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "issa able is the owner and head instructor @ one love grappling arts ! issa has taught me so much in the past few months and has really helped me to reignite the passion and love that i have for brazilian jiujitsu . his patience , understanding , and fundamental strategies has only shown me that even after years of training . i 'm just barely scratching the surface . helping me to fill the holes in my game . teaching me about timing and technique over strength is priceless . i can write a book on so many aspects of this life long journey that i 've chosen to undertake . without a doubt issa able name will be written in it ... along side the many instructors and class mates that put their heart and souls into jiujitsu everyday . oss ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have wanted to try a different martial art for a very long time and am glad that i found this academy opening right next to my crossfit gym ! i ran by and saw that they had morning classes , stopped in and got to try it out for a week and have been loving it ever since ! mr able is a really friendly instructor and has been great at teaching both competition style and self defense .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great martial arts instruction by black belt champion competitor issa able , and the camaraderie among training partners makes anyone feel welcome immediately . from beginners to experienced martial artists , you 'll find something of value from this gym . the facility is kept clean , the training is intense and fun without the burden of traditional rituals . one love is definitely one of the best places in the valley to train .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't even bother going here . my fianc\u00e9 and i went today to choose his suit and the groomsmen suits . two of the groomsmen are out of town so we thought this was a good option since there are so many locations of men 's warehouse . we were so wrong ! we are having an outdoor summer wedding so he wanted gray . they had one suit to rent in gray and one tux to rent , in light gray or dark gray . prices were outrageous and customer service did n't have any idea what they were taking about . they kept trying to have us buy suits instead of rent since `` it would only be a little more expensive and you get to keep it . '' they pushed even after we said that 's not what we want . we left and went to a locally owned tux and suit rental store and they were amazing ! we spent about 30 % less and had tons of style options and our out-of-town folks are totally taken care of too ! ( go to saget 's in phoenixville instead ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they ordered the wrong tie and i felt that no matter what i said during the fitting , they disregarded it did not make us feel good about the choices . piss poor customer service and everything you want to add or substitute is an extra fee . they have a monopoly on the business and are taking advantage of people . going to find a better place for my boys ' weddings !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "felt pressured into the most expensive garments rather than what i wanted . also , was left to sit for an hour while my friend was fitted and other employees did `` inventory '' . look elsewhere for your formal attire .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to mens warehouse in wyomissing , pa today . no customer service at all . the older gentle ( dont know his name ) was very rude . at one point he says too me `` is the price too much for you '' no its not too much but ... i need to like the shirt to pay $ 100 for it . i was made very uncomfortable as if i was too low class to be visiting this store . will never visit this store or will ever spent my money here . no customer service . no manners . on thy way out i said thanks for your help to the gentleman who was helping me . did not even even acknowledge me an kept on doing his work . like i said no manners and horrible customer service . will not recommend this store to anyone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "just subpar . ordered two custom suits . their tailor is not skilled . rejected them for terrible craftsmanship . they had the suits for two weeks without calling me . went to get them and one had the zipper completely ripped out . these were done ? are you kidding me ? kid salesman mumbled something like `` we ordered you new pants '' . really ? you 've had them two weeks and you never told me ? kid said something about `` his tailor '' . it 's been three months and the suits are n't done . avoid this store like the plague . i apologize to weitzenkorns for not getting my suits there as i always do . never again ! ! zero stars if i could . staff are graduates from walmart .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "tonight i went into papa johns to pick up my pizzas . i noticed that the man who was kneading the pizza dough was also answering the phone ! makes me wonder if the employees working at the register were also making pizza . unsanitary will never go back .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've ordered pizzas several time from this location . unfortunately , the last two pizzas were really not very good . the toppings were so sparse that if i did n't know what toppings i ordered i would not be able to tell from looking at the pizza . their quality seems to have deteriorated over the years . do n't know if corporate ever orders from some of the franchises but i would certainly recommend looking into this location . i would definitely not recommend this papa john 's .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "fast , good , friendly . fyi they wash their hands here , so just because the dough guy answers tge phone does n't make it unsanitary . will order from here for my next papa johns fix .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think i came on a bad night because my ground beef was a little burned . it was a little later in the evening so i would assume i received the bottom of the barrel meat . i ordered the taco plate . rice and refried beans were delicious ! it 's a divey cool little place . nothing is served on glassware so i would n't suggest a first date here . vibes are cool . definitely will be coming back . very cheap !", "score": "3"}
{"review": "second visit just as satisfying as the first , the tipsy sizzler is fab and the birdsong jalape\u00f1o ale is the icing on the cake ! could very well be our new go to place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's is such a happy place and this location is no exception . so much great food to choose from and employees that seem to love their jobs . you ca n't go wrong here .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "our gem of a grocery store in ahwatukee where employees know your name and recognize your kids . it is always fun looking for seasonal treats , and halloween time is around the corner : pumpkin cereal , cake mix , cookies , etc . i cant think of a single reason to give this store anything less than 5 stars .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "clean store . friendly & helpful staff . i 'm generally in and out really quickly too . what i did n't expect was that they would have such great prices on certain items -- cheaper than the big supermarkets . trader joe 's does n't have a large enough selection to be my one-stop shopping destination , but i 'm a huge fan and a regular shopper for some things . i love that i have such a nice one nearby .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i drive 30 minutes every week to shop for groceries here . that is all you need to know . everything here is great .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this store ! it 's clean , organized and the staff is very knowledgeable . i know that my food is always fresh and healthy . i do all of my grocery shopping at trader joes and recommend it to every one of my friends and family .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "posting here because we got a brined turkey from tj for 2011 turkey day . we did n't have the quill issue and actually everyone thought it was delicious . so i would get a turkey there again . i like tj 's . i just never really head down there . it 's kind of a a specialty shop so it 's hard for me to go there and get all my groceries . they are always missing something a more general grocery would naturally have . the staff is always very nice and the store is pretty cool and they always have nice plants when you walk in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "trader joe 's ... the hippy place . hehe actually , the hippies have it right . it 's an excellent grocery store . it 's my wife 's `` happy place '' ... which means i go there : ) they even have free samples ! we moved away from the valley for a couple years and she made me drive an hour and a half ( one way ) to go to a trader joe 's so she could stock up ! their plants are very nice ... we have like 800 orchids all over the house ( she ca n't resist getting at least one every time we go ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tucked in a safeway shopping center its a bit small inside however it has the necessities you will need . i love coming here for quick healthy lunch choices - i am a fan of their premade salads and grab a banana or other piece of fruit for a filling lunch without weighing me down for the rest of the day . they also have featured recipes at their back kitchen where you can taste and get inspired to cook something new . so stop in either for lunch or some cooking inspiration . and do n't forget to bring your reusable bag ! !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my first trip to my local tj 's proved awesome ! jeff is a great , energetic cashier and is always able and willing to help . for example , i once grabbed a thing of roma tomatoes and when we rang it up , we found they had spoiled . without question or contest , he tossed them out and ran and grabbed me a new container . 5 stars all the way !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it warms my heart to see all the trader joe 's locations receiving favorable reviews . this is the closet one to my home , so this is where i love to do most of my grocery shopping . if i had to find fault in trader joe 's , i would find it in the meat selection . for the vegetarians and vegans among us , this is obviously not an issue . i , however , find myself at the safeway in the same strip-mall in search of ground turkey or salmon . other than that , tj 's is my favorite place to find inexpensive , healthy groceries . the inner-anarchist activist in me loves that the store feels like a large co-op . my inner-capitalist pig loves that it is not . at any rate , i am a big fan of the store brand which means ( from my perspective , at least ) great , cheap food . i 'm also into some of the wines there that can be had for as little as three dollars a bottle . good stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's always nice to have a tj 's near one 's home . this one is large and has a better looking produce section than the ones i 'm used to in las vegas . aisles are wide , the store is clean , the staff members are friendly , and there is always a sample or two to taste whilst grabbing your groceries . i am always tempted by all the different goodies : olive oils , nuts , snacks , breads ... .make a list and stick to it if you do n't want to walk out with tons of food !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my good friend works for a major grocery store chain . when she found out i started going to trader joe 's , i became `` traitor stacy . '' that 's okay , i can own it . i love trader joe 's ! i 'll let a few of my favorite products speak for themselves . . . -inside out carrot cake cookies - soft & creamy , best cookie ever -thai style lime rice - perfect with some grilled fish -greek style non fat honey yogurt -carne asada -frozen brown and jasmine rice ( microwave for 3 minutes = perfect rice ) -chocolate covered frozen bananas -dark chocolate toffee espresso bits - just a few after lunch for a great sweet treat -oatmeal lavender bar soap -low sodium roasted red pepper soup -frozen shrimp with the tails-off ( good freezer staple ) -ready to eat beets ( not in a can ) -cheese selecion friendly staff , inexpensive wine , fresh flowers and herbs , overall a great place to grocery shop !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place to get food if you do n't feel like having to pick between 5 different brands of the same stuff like in regular grocery stores . they pick the best stuff and offer it to their customers . this is the only place where i buy stuff based on their samples . some items which are unusual but very welcome are things like frozen mashed potatoes . the convenience of flake potatoes with the taste of real potatoes . the only thing that annoys me about this store is the children carts . there are kids that push them in circles or other random patterns and when the store is full of patrons it 's almost impossible to navigate .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's how i love you so . when i see you i feel at home . all your organic food and flowers are dope . when i walk in you draw me in like the dark hole . i wonder and wonder around like a lost soul coming home . trader joe 's how i love you so .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love trader joe 's ! this location is especially nice because it does n't seem to get as crowded as some of the other locations ( tempe and mesa ) . it 's our go to place for wine , produce , meats , eggs , peanut butter , and then a bunch of other stuff that we end up randomly buying just to try out .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best grocer in town . fresh food , great prices , friendly staff . frozen orange chicken , jo-jo 's , kettle corn and charles schwabb wine are a few of my all time favorite purchases .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this trader joe 's location gets 5 stars from me for : always being clean ( this is a make or break for me on whether or not i will come back to a store ... yes a store ! ) rarely being out of stock of stuff ( and even when they are , not for long ) friendly and uncreepy staff great prices close to my house ( lol ) one word of caution ... do not go shopping here on a sunday afternoon ... it is packed and parking can be a little bit of a bear ...", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this tj is right by my work , so it 's usually my pit stop for $ 3 chuck or flowers for a dinner party or making food at home . just last week , i stopped there before my mom 's birthday dinner and picked up a small pot of roses , then went right next door to wine rack , where i picked up a bottle . i was on my way in less than 20 minutes- sa-weet .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "not my favorite trader joe 's location . employees i met not very happy to be there .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love love love ! why ? because the quality of food is amazing , the staff is wonderful , caring and friendly , the fresh flowers are cheap and the wine is great . i 'm so happy i live in walking distance . what a great place . you need to shop there ! ! ! oh , and did i mention i love it there ?", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been inside many trader joe 's and they all sell the same things and while the prices might be the same this joint feels really cozy .. i love the layout feels like home even tho i do n't live in phoenix", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joes has some of the happiest employees i have ever seen . they smile when you walk in and never fail to offer assistance with anything you may need . ( they even helped me strap my groceries to my bike ) they have a great vegetarian section and i always find something new to try . i rarely wait in line long , they have an excellent response time opening extra registers . their flowers are lovely , i cant help myself , i always bring some home . : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love our tukee tj 's its just a really great store and the employees are all super nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i really love this trader joe 's so much . i will go out of my way to shop here instead of a super market . the staff is as good as it gets . they are so helpful and knowledgeable about their products . all of their advice on wine , beer or any new product i 've wanted to try has been accurate . i came in one day when my son was a couple days old . one of the ladies greeted and congratulated me and then went to the back of the store , she came out a few minutes later with a fresh bouquet of flowers that she had arranged just for me . how sweet ! ! i of course love their food but the people make it a really enjoyable experience . i do wish the produce section was a little bigger . try the mediterranean hummus , salsa especial , or their fresh oj ... .yumm !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great in ca and great in az , this store met all of my expectations . helpful staff , great food and cozy stores with fun decor . if you ca n't find it here that 's ok you can probably go without it if you really want to .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best tj 's i 've been to in 3 states . staff is always so friendly , happy , and outgoing -really makes a difference when people want to be there ; - ) prices are good and wine selection is awesome - inexpensive and good ! keep up the good work - my favorite location in the valley !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! the place is always clean , employees are super friendly ! the sushi is fresh and tasty ! the wagu burgers are the best deal in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love tj 's ! mostly due to their wine selection : ) you ca n't beat the wine prices ! i also love their hazelnut dark chocolate bars at check out ... i 'm a sucker for chocolate covered hazelnuts . goes great with wine too . i usually have my little guy with me and we ca n't leave the store until he finds the hidden bunny . he gets a kick out of it , makes shopping with him easier and fun !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "reuse your bags ! won the reusable bag raffle and flaunted my gift card down the isles like `` snooze you lose , basics.. '' thanks tj 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've always loved this tjs . it was my first experience trader joes . in a very quaint area with many shops around so sometimes parking close by can be an issue but we all have legs to walk when nessessary . they are a little trader joes but i love it because u am in and out in 10 -15 minutes . love their little salads , produce and much more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "really clean , great customer service , and affordable deals ! i love trader joes , and this location specifically . just wish they had some iced coffee available for sale at their store however they do n't . but everything else is great !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "really nice place albeit smallish . check out was amazing . i bought a few unusual items i have been wanting to try , but could n't find a couple of things carried in the bigger locations . overall a very pleasant shopping experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nicest tjs in the city , and the only one that never runs out of the organic dyno kale !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "okay , let me start by saying that tj 's can do no wrong in my book . i love love love them ! they have a great selection of everything i need ( and a whole lot i did n't know i needed ! ) . i visit them about twice a week to stock up on all the necessities . their yogurt , hummus , falafel , sugar free chocolate bars , and blueberries are on my must-get list . and now they have organic kale ! it just gets better and better . my only minor complaint would be that it is kind of irritating to wait in the checkout line and then have them open it up for people who have n't been waiting . perhaps they could make an effort to open up a checkout line and invite people who are next in line in the neighboring checkouts ? anyway , i love this store !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this place . there is always something new or different to try . selection is pretty decent for the small size of the store . my favorite item is their peanut butter ! all natural for under $ 2 . ca n't get that price anywhere else . the employees have always been extra nice - including giving me tips on storing items i have purchased . i love the flower selection . it is my go-to place when i need to take someone flowers . plus , my kid is in heaven every time they give him a balloon . happy kid=happy mom .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do n't buy too many frozen items yet when you do n't cook too much or home too frequently , you must try their frozen verde chicken burrito . 5 star for sure ! i also like their ghee ( butter in a jar aka clarified butter ) , the tea tree body wash ( tj brand ) and the $ 1 greeting cards .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this trader joe 's is awesome ! the service is great , the employees are so helpful , they make great suggestions . hazel in the floral group recently helped my husband special orders some flowers for our anniversary . greg & jonathan are always super friendly . they have so many great great products , like `` no yuck '' yogurt for my girls . products include many `` gluten free '' items that are well labled . for gf people we recommend the edmame crackers .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks for being the best local neighbor store tj ! might be the best store on the planet . i love that each trader joe 's have samples all the time . not sure what else to say .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome selection of health foods ! great staff- very friendly and informative . we live in maricopa but i will likely be making the trip to ahwatukee more often just to do some shopping here !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "incredible customer service , always friendly , courteous and helpful ! i am always excited about the seasonal selections , beautiful displays and delicious well priced options . they are very kid friendly at this location . love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am a complete and utter trader joe 's fangirl ! i 'm so happy there 's one so close to where i live , i do n't know what i 'd do without their helpful , happy staff ; fantastic , quality food ; and 2 buck chuck !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i visit each week to see what 's cooking and get ideas for dinner . i pick up fresh herbs and produce , dressings and sauces , tea , yogurt , and sample the wine and cheese of the day . the store is not big , but with some sauce or a new food item from the frozen case the possibilities for creative , easy , meals are endless . i buy my frozen vegetables and fish here . my teenage daughter loves the no guilt mac n cheese , kettle chips made with olive oil , and pizza 's . i love trader joe 's . pick up some flowers or herb plant for the kitchen .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love this tjs such a wonderful store ! they have the most adorable kiddie carts and always have fun things for kids to do ! i love grabbing my lunch here ( veggie hummus wrap ! ) and i love their flowers and cards , and obv all their food ! ! the employees here are great and there 's never a long line", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tjs=great . but this tj 's ? = amazing ! the staff is so extremely helpful , pleasant and welcoming . the store is always so well organized , clean and overall a fun experience . thanks for the 'bunny hunt ' too . helps w the kiddos greatly . so grateful to have you in my 'hood ' . ps . i love you tj 's .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tader joe 's is awesome ! this location is very clean and well organized . they have a great selection of specialty items , and some of their own brand items that i make special trips for . great selection of wines , cheeses , and fruit . i love that they carry fresh lychees ! the employees have always been friendly ! great place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "favorite wine store . great selections and pricing you ca n't beat elsewhere . always receive fabulous recommendations from the staff and my `` go to '' for wine and cheese parties !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is my one stop shop for grocery products . fresh produce , organic products and i always get my clif bar and orange chicken here . they have the real and legit stuff that you ca n't find in your typical grocery store . trader joe 's for the win !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "fun and funny staff , and of course hardworking ! as usual , tjs is the place to shop . best store on planet earth mo .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's in phoenix ! you saved my life as i needed snacks and i am from la where these are everywhere . sometimes you need a fix from home and just load up on snacks for the road !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "it is trader joe 's . i think that says enough as it is . i love their teas , frozen food , natural cocoa , now their pumpkin coffee . i can spend 25 minutes there and spend over $ 100 and do not regret a single penny of that purchase .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love myself some trader joes ! especially but not limited to : mint chip ice cream , the awesome cheese selection , nuts galore , inside out carrot cake and the cat loves the food too ( though i 've not tried it myself ) .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their prices are amazing their frozen food section is diverse their dairy is hormone free and very fresh their flowers are pretty n shit i love me some trader joe 's", "score": "5"}
{"review": "is their anyway this place would not get 5 stars ? ? the place has super nice staff . great wine selection and tons of high quality cheap stuff . love love love this place . i love the cali hippy vibe . love how i get a ton of stuff when i am there of high quality and it doesnt kill my waller . trader joe you crazy guy", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love to go to trader joe 's in mesa . the staff are helpful and the quality ca n't be beat .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "checked out whole foods here in chandler az . was nice but you can see they all have different kinds of products available to there customers . we where in whole foods in reno nevada the other day before our long trip to pick up a few things , mainly lunch-meats and bread , since we just got back from italy . well we found speck , and other prosciutto , in reno , but it was not available in az . so off we where to find a deli . anyway they do have nice stuff , a little pricey since you can go down the street to trader joes and find it cheaper and of the same quality . so if they read these yelp 's maybe they will get there stuff together and stock there stores with at least some of the same stuff . aloha and ciao from az .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i got vegan meatball ! yeah ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always fun to shop here . they usually have cool items you do n't see at other places and it is always tasty . great deals on some wine and also good beer deals . overall it is a nice store and nice people .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "love , love , love trader joe 's ! as a traveller , i 'm seeing more tj 's pop up in places like overland park , ks and denver ! and without much surprise they appear to always be busy . there are great options to plan a meal with an emphasis on alternative food styles ( vegan , gluten free , etc. ) . there 's a little something for everyone at joe's- the local wine selection is pretty good . of course you can grab a box of two buck chuck juice to last you some time . the staff is always friendly and helpful , even if they give off a strong hipster vibe . i 've always gone to joe 's for flowers too- they have some of the freshest flowers ( whole foods is # 1 ) and they 're reasonably priced ! oh yeah , the sweets are dangerous- try avoiding the bucket of peanut butter cups !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "fabulous ! always have what i looking for . always clean . always in and out quickly . always friendly . always healthy wholesome options .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "where would i be without my tj 's ? ? ? i go for everything ! wine , coffee , cheesecake , cookies , and food ! not to mention wonderful flowers !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love this tj 's . it 's a great place to stop and pick up an nice bottle of inexpensive wine , or some kind of tasty treat to take to my parents house . i love the selection of unique items here . the samples are pretty good too , and they usually convince me to buy something new . i like to poke through the cheese selection and find something new to nibble on , or pick up some fresh bread . i also like the fact that they often have great prices on much smaller sizes of items - i do n't have the room in my fridge or my tummy for the bulk sizes that many other stores offer .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's in ahwatukee is a small , cozy market filled with organic produce and other healthy fare . love their trader joe nourish line of shampoo and conditioner , and their oils . their shampoo and conditioner is surprisingly affordable and very efficient . recently found out their avocado oil is only available on a seasonal basis , from october-march , which was disappointing . definitely appreciate them moving out here after years of driving to tempe to shop . the cashiers are very helpful and courteous but the selection of everything is limited . would like to see them expand the size of the store . like their free old-school newsletter they mail out to our neighborhood-very quaint style reminiscent of the newspapers in the early 1900s . no problem recommending them to others in the community .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been a patron of trader joe 's since the early 90s and i just ca n't get enough ( depeche mode playing in background ) . i 'm not a huge fan of eating frozen food but trader joe 's provides some of the best options available . i love their wine selection and you really ca n't beat two buck chuck but should really be called three buck chuck . they also have great juices . i prefer the one hundred percent cranberry over other cranberry juices because i can can mix with other juices how i like . trader joe 's also has a great selection of produce that while most of it is prepackaged is still quite good quality . prepackaged and good-quality can seems like an oxymoron but i 'm sure you understand . the health and beauty section is very small it is chock-full of good options such as tom 's deodorant . they got rid of the lavender oil but they still have the lavender soap which is an absolute favorite mine !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "guess i 've never reviewed this location before but they have all the same yummy stuff as any other trader joe 's . i think maybe they have more produce than the one on mcclintock ? anyway , i am a huge fan of all their healthy snacks and reasonably priced wines .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am in and out here . i love the natural organic grapefruit juice ! fast and friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love trader joe 's - 'nuff said . their prices and selection are awesome . why else would every road trip to phoenix , tucson , or albuquerque have a mandated trip to tj 's , on the way out of town of course to give our refrigerated and frozen food the best chance to get home safely ? why else would the cooler be ready to go on all of these trips ? why else would las crucens network and send shoping lists with their friends that happen to go to tj 's in albuquerque or tucson ? so why did i review this location ? we just went through town this weekend , and the staff at this location went above and beyond in helping us get contact info for the tucson stores so we could get everything on our list ( we bought out all the stock at this location , they were not underprepared with stock ... ) . they also offered to make the calls for us . kudos to these folks ... my cooler is ready for the next excuse to fill it with tj 's goodies ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first one i have found so far . i have been a fan of trader joe 's since i was a child . i was excited to find one . the best part is close to my home . this one was similar to the one in albuquerque as far as set up . the employees are fast , friendly , and efficient . it had all the favorites we are accustomed to , plus some things that are unique to the area ( beer ) . great selection throughout the store . excellent selection of craft beers as well . they had mother load ( dh 's favorite arizona microbrew ) . clean and easy to navigate , what more could anyone want ? we plan to shop here more now that we know where it is !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my husband and i frequent this trader joes quite often since we live just down the street . the staff are super cool and friendly and feel like neighbors and friends after awhile like other trader joes . i love that about this company . any city i 've lived in , i 've always developed a repoire with the staff . it 's not like that at any other market", "score": "5"}
{"review": "trader joe 's is legit in every since of the word . go here , get some stuff , be happy . tip : my go-to place for flowers on mother 's day or when i screw up with the lady friend ... nice selection and inexpensive !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "pros : - good selection , fresh produce and reasonable prices - never too crowded or empty - lots of parking spots - `` 2 buck chuck '' - great cheese selection - friendly , helpful staff cons : - not really much", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have 2 girls that attend dance class in the same strip mall that this villa pizza is located , ergo i have been here quite a few times . the service is always fast and friendly . i have ordered the chicken wings , pizza , garlic knots , garlic fries and the salad . i can honestly say that it has always been above average . the garlic knots are my kids favorite . i personally love the wings because they are always crispy and fresh . we often order the wing and pizza special to take to a friends house for potlucks . the ranch dressing here is amazing ... we like to order extra because it seems to disappear quickly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i agree with the other review here . this place sucks . they had the absolute worst , tiny dried out things they pass off as fingers , waaaay over cooked ( and i 've tried this place more then once , always the same ) horrible bland pizza and not to mentioned waaay over priced . over $ 7 for an order of crappy fingers . i called and talked to the manager , he said he 'd make it right for me the next time i was in there , gave them my name , etc . so i go in a few weeks later and guess what ? he had no idea what i was talking about , said he never said such a thing ... .that was over 2 years ago and i 've not been back since and they will never get a dime from me again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had two bad experiences with this particular villa pizza ... and the problem is always with the skank that answers the phone ... had a coupon ... she said are you sure it is ours ? when we got there we gave her the money the dummy gave the money back because she can not ring the register ... .on the wednesday before we call for a pizza and the same girl ( janeth ) answered ... it was 8:30 p.m. half our before closing ... she said are you sure you got the right place we close at 9 ... the management really needs to deal with this girl..very poor customer service ... losing business because the this idiot ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "sad to say that this villa is terrible . they apparently do not like honoring the coupons they mail out -- seriously , if you treat your customers like criminals when all they 're trying to do is redeem the things you mail out en masse , you 're not going to be around long . we usually get villa from the store on durango , but we were on the other side of town visiting friends and this was the closest one . after this fiasco , we decided to head over to rocco 's instead -- villa will not get anymore of our business .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been missing niko 's since it closed up in lakewood . i am so happy niko has decided to bring his greek goodness to north royalton ! we started off with a trio of hummus dips - each was fantastic but the spicy feta hummus was the best ! the dips come with fresh pita , cucumbers , and carrots . perfect for sharing . all three of us absolutely loved our meals - the mini gyro combo , the vegetarian gyro , and the spicy chicken gyro . all of the meals came with fries too . the gyros were all under $ 10 and we all needed to-go boxes . the atmosphere was friendly and laid back - perfect place to hang out and watch some tv or play keno . the patio out front is nice too ! they also had a large variety of craft beers and beers on special too . i ca n't wait to go back : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "niko 's is a great north royalton bar restaurant . cozy atmosphere with lots of cool decor . there is also a small outdoor patio with tvs . i 've been going to niko 's for a few years and have always had great experiences . the staff and food are always great . i recommend the lamb and beef gyro - it 's so tasty ! ! ! niko 's is perfect for dinner and drinks or game nights . 2 thumbs up !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stopped in for lunch today . smallish , but big enough . i probably would n't walk in during peak hours , but i was here early . gyro was great and the beer list decent ; fries were pretty good , too . service was friendly from both the bartender and what i think was the owner . will be back ... soon .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "worst gyro i have ever had bar looks good with lots of tv and they have nice little patio i can hang out there but not the gyro and the only reason why i went there was gyro which was not good so here is my 1star review will try one more time and will update", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came here for dinner based on a great recommendation from my dad . i was very excited about a great gyro place , but to my disappointment they would not accommodate to my fish allergy , so the only thing i could eat was the salad , hummus , and french fries . my boyfriend and i split the buffalo hummus which was great ! he got the lamb gyro which he said was delicious . i got the greek salad , it was good . i would n't go back just because i ca n't order much from the menu .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "best gyro , hands down . the service here is great for both dine in and carry out . the patio is great and they have bumbleberry on tap . sold .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the food is pretty good , but the service stinks . the booth built in the back of the bar is really uncomfortable . did i mention the service sucks . this might be one of the few places to get mediocre greek food on the south side , but this place does not deserve all the good reviews it has . the food is good , the location is ok at best , and the setting is bad , and the service is well below what is to be expected at a bar . it is what it is , do not go out of your way to cone here .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "amazing food . great service . always a welcoming atmosphere ! they have a wide variety of beers , if you are n't into beer- their bartenders are awesome and can make you anything ! love this place ! be sure to try all the different types of hummus ! if youre lucky you may even run into niko himself !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "walked in and three staff members were sitting at the bar . they just stared at us when we walked in like we were n't supposed to be there . i even said `` hey '' and then they turned around without a response . they were all wearing nikos shirts so i know they were employees . just a little courtesy goes a long way .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "niko 's is a favorite of mine and i stop in a couple times a month . i have tried a lot on their menu and it is all good but i always come back to the traditional gyro or the gyro burger . come with an appetite , these portions are big . please keep doing what you 're doing and i 'll keep coming in for great food !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the attention to detail and precision is evident the second you walk in the door , every frame hung just so , every television mounted just so , every surface gleaming , including the floor . the thai chili lime wings were just hot enough to break a mild sweat , but incredibly flavorful and meaty . my gyro burger was more than i could finish , and the fries were exactly the way i like them , with a slight crunch and a perfect interior . my son had a cheddar bacon cheeseburger cooked absolutely to perfection medium rare , and even his mighty appetite was vanquished before he got through all the fries . the service was attentive , but we were one of about four patrons late on a saturday night so i ca n't say what it 's like when busy , but as a rideshare driver i have dropped off and picked up from this place when it was hopping so clearly niko 's is doing something right .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 'm starting to love this place . great gyros , a small but excellent selection of craft beers on tap ( dogfish head , three floyds , and others ) , keno if you are so inclined , and friendly service . i may become a regular here . oh , and when they say something will be spicy ... trust them .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great place for healthy bar food . i ordered the cilantro jalape\u00f1o hummus and it was so fresh delicious and spicy ! ! i also had the vegetarian gyro which is veggies in a pita with sauce on the side . very good ! i recommend all vegans and vegetarians nearby stop in ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "amazing food , and a $ 3 draft of the day that 's usually pretty interesting and well worth the money . solid bar .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "lamb and beef gyro was so huge and delicous . flavor was amazing ! really loved the atmosphere too . small , friendly , always sports on tv . great bar selection too . highly recommend , just not the best for larger groups .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it was mine and my wifes first time here . while the service was great , it had a couple ... oddities to it . first , there was a creepy guy on the patio smoking and trying to hit on the waitresses . while that doesnt affect the service , it didnt help enhance it . the girls were clearly a little freaked and went in fairly quickly . secondly , the music was a bit loud . i felt like i was shouting slightly just to hold a conversation with my wife . not to mention . they had cursing in the songs while kids were out on the patio . the food . it was good , however did n't really fill us at all . my wife ordered the niko 's original , which is pictured below . the amount you get for 8.50 a gyro is awesome . but nevertheless didnt get the job done . all in all , an okay at best experience .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "food is great ! awesome selection of microbrews ! the staff is friendly and efficient .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best gyro in cleveland , hands down ! my boyfriend and i frequent this place at least 2-3 times a month . not only are their gyro 's to die for , their hummus sampler is amazing an greek salad ( with gyro meat ) ! . the atmosphere while small , is elegant and clean . great beer selection and beer specials and the staff is always on point and friendly ! however 2 complaints , get rid of the plastic silverware ! the seats are not comfortable . they have a bench style bar stool running the length of the bar , and boy is it uncomfortable . however , food is so good we do n't usually care . niko the owner is usually present , and he is kind , professional and always making sure the customers are happy .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "ordered chicken clam bake ... .nothing like getting raw chicken served . not impressed and will.never go.back", "score": "1"}
{"review": "we we 're at niko 's a few weeks ago . i did n't know them in lakewood , but a wished i had . we had hummus , craft beers and gyros . it was excellent . we sat outside , which was very pleasant . going back tonight for more .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "it 's the weirdest thing . the smokers have this thing were they put their chairs up like its closing time when obviously a full gamut of drinks are at their seats , just really strange . bartender had an attitude like you were wasting her time , no mind you unfamiliar to their beer selection . perhaps she was having an off day or needs a new career . move on ! ! ! go to olessoa .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "had their standard lamb and beef gyro with fries , great all around , they definitely give you your money 's worth . would recommend to a friend", "score": "5"}
{"review": "do n't let the fact this place is in a strip mall deter you ! we came in from out of town for a wedding and were looking for a place to grab some good food and a good beer . nikos does more than check the boxes ! craft beer selection phenomenal and food superb . do yourself a favor and stop in ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ca n't remember the last time i had so much fun staff are friendly and welcoming food is delicious menu is affordable very clean environment will be going here more often with my family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "excellent gyros ! some of the best i 've had anywhere . super garlicky and salty , but that 's expected . did i mention garlic ? you 're gon na be swimming in it afterward . smallish , neighborhood bar feel . super friendly servers barkeeps . very attentive . definitely recommend .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a great place for those who like gyro 's . the amount of meat you get is almost too much . the price is very reasonable ( $ 8.75 for a lamb and beef gyro with french fries ) . they also have chicken , corned beef , pork , and others . the fries were also good , and they have a good selection of craft beers .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "awesome place ! great food and drink selections . the prices are very reasonable and food portions are large . you wo n't go home hungry here . very clean restaurant and the staff is hard working . give this place a try it 's well worth it . i always try to support family run operations and they have been around for a long time and do a great job . 5 star rating is an easy call after our experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great beer selection . i have the spicy chicken gyro and my wife had the mushroom and swiss chicken sandwich .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i liked this place , cute and friendly inside . their patio is small but nice with a tv outside . the gyros were great but you will taste them for a while after . my suggestion is order the sauce on the side it can get messy and if you are sharing order an extra pita bread !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "absolutely amazing food ! i always get take out and it never disappoints . if you want a lot of food get the lamb gyro it will take you three sittings to eat it all . the buffalo hummus is also amazing sounds weird but if you like spicy you will love it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we come here at least once a month . best gyro 's around hands down . also god craft brew selection .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "tried this place for the first time tonight and the gyro was bigger than a chipotle burrito ! ! ! soooo yummy ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honestly i was not even in the mood for gyros when my friend picked this restaurant so i just went with it . ordered the lamb and beef gyro . it tasted amazing . seriously delicious . ohio beers for $ 3 . good quality service . i would definitely recommend eating here . loved the warm atmosphere .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best gyros in the area ! the hummus is also delicious ! the food is consistently great and i am always satisfied with the service too . great select of beer on tap as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for lunch . greek salad with blackened salmon was outstanding ! my 10 year old who is a picky eater destroyed his kids menu gyro .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i love this little bar restaurant . it has the best gyros hands down in cleveland.they have great seafood specials at different times of the year . the wait staff goes way out of their way to accommodate you and the owner is very nice .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we 've been to nikos several times ! always fresh and reasonable ! the greek salad with chicken or lamb and beef , as well as the traditional gyros never disappoint ! good beer selection , as well !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here half a dozen times now and have never been disappointed . one of the best craft beer selections around and they support the local brewers ( $ 3 a pint for ohio drafts on sunday ) i ca n't speak for the entire menu cause i keep ordering the spicy chicken gyro every time . its friggin delicious and sweat on your brow spicy . the only drawback is its a little too cozy . they could use a little more elbow room .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome home made hummus in variety of flavored . not a lot of menu variety , but we love the gyro variations so a favorite stop .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "best gyro i ever had went in last night while visiting family had a drink and ordered wings and gyros the best service was great bartender was a female very good thanks niko coming back today before heading back to boston", "score": "5"}
{"review": "that 's gyros i ever had . the beef and lamb is perfect with the perfect suzuki garlic sauce . if you like gyros this is the place", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love nikos ! ! ! ! used to go to the lakewood location and was bummed when it closed , only place to get saganaki ! ! amazing ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very disappointed had a clambake with lobster . lobster was awful . tail was so soft like mashed potatoes never had a lobster like that oh well not going back . they took the meal off the bill did not even offer another one . goodbye niko 's not coming back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "great beer selection . great service . portions large . gyros good . hummus very good . try jalape\u00f1o hummus .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "amazing food . it would be a disservice to call it bar food . the nikos burger is the best burger in town .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "was in ohio visiting for 3 days and went to niko 's 3 times . it was great and we look forward to going there on our next visit . the traditional gyro is huge - big enough to share for most .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "located in a mini strip-mall this fast casual restaurant provides friendly and fast service in a fun atmosphere . their main feature is gyros . they have the traditional lamb gyro , but several other options . i chose the spicy chicken gyro . like the non-spicy version it had lettuce , tomato and chicken , but the chicken was coated with cajun seasoning and the pita bread was drizzled with sriracha . there was definitely a lot of heat from the sriracha and the cajun seasoning was excellent . the portion was very good too and the fries were tasty . if you 're ever in the area this is a great place for a fast and tasty lunch .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i live pretty close to niko 's , and its my first stop for when i want to watch a ufc boxing match . aside from the hard-ass benches that wrap around the place , this is a good sports bar with an outside patio and a good selection of booze . the gyros are very fresh , large , and come with an order of fries . it 's a good amount of food and i usually save half for later . lots of variety on the gyro menu , but i get the traditional old faithful gyro every time and have never been disappointed . nice patio , nice wait staff , good food , and shows ufc so i do n't have to go to bw3 . i 'm in .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "horrible experience . unscrupulous people . we needed someone to open the door to our nursery and they quoted us $ 49.50 + $ 20 . we decided to take the first person we called because we wanted someone immediately . he locksmith showed up one hour later and demanded $ 49.50 + $ 125 or he would n't open the door . we finally agreed to his `` special price '' of $ 49.50 + $ 85 . it took him less than 10 seconds to open the door . we called the company to complain . linda apologized and was willing to refund the difference but i think she must have been shut down . the second call we got regarding our complain pretty much inform us that what is done is done . that the price is $ 49.50 + $ 20 and up . make sure you record what they quote you . when you are experiencing an emergency you are an easy target for this kind of predators .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the location listed for 24 7 lock pro is for a group of local stores including starbucks . the telephone number is a busy signal . so , i 'm not sure if they 're still in business . ( see photo ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "horrible experience . quoted $ 120 on phone . showed up to make a key for my truck and within 10 minutes the price had jumped to almost $ 300 . then they claimed they could n't get `` the codes '' and that meant that it was going to cost nearly $ 500 . i sent them packing and had a new key made the next day for $ 175 total by u.s. key . definitely use u.s. key - and not these guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i have been meaning to write this review for a while.. saw some reviews about lyndell and his window cleaning service and hired them as we just moved to a house with many dirty windows . he did a very thorough and great job . he took his time to ensure everything was perfect . he is a young business-man and i am glad i supported his enterprise .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called and needed windows cleaned on short notice . kc & co , were on site in less than 24 hours . if you appreciate solid communication , being on time , professionalism , attention to detail and fair pricing , then you have your window cleaning company right here . i highly recommend . bravo zulu !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have a great selection at reasonable prices ! i was looking for a bonsai tree and they have lots of different types and sizes ! i looked elsewhere at first but for the same size bonsai , it was at least twice as much . the lady there was super helpful as well . if you have something in mind you 're looking for , i would definitely ask because the series of greenhouses can be overwhelming . i will definitely go back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i looked all over charlotte for an aloe vera plant and a friend suggested oakdale greenhouses . i stopped by after work and i asked the lady working there ( she was watering the plants , at the time ) if they sold any and she told me `` yes , we do ! '' and immediately stopped what she was doing to assist me . i was happy and very pleased with her customer service ! she was very friendly and seemed to be happy to get a little break and welcomed my questions considering i was the only customer there . the aloe vera plants were so cheap i ended up buying two , one for my house and one for my mother as a small gift . since we were both looking for this particular plant and could not find it anywhere ! i will definitely return , i 'm sure i 'll be able to find any type of plant to garden in my yard if i ever develop a `` green thumb '' !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "a bountiful variety and the sales associate was so patient and helpful . she painstakingly held my hand and guided me on what to purchase to make my front porch beautiful . i 'm certain they carry what you 're looking for and if not can get it for you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my client ( a bride ) rented trees from oakdale for her wedding decor . they came with string lights on them and were beautiful , affordable and delivered and picked up on time ! i would use oakdale greenhouse again in a heartbeat . the owner and delivery drivers were all extremely pleasant as well .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have been here a few times and every single time they have exactly what i want . the woman who i 've seen every time i go there is always just so willing to help you with anything you could possibly need . she is so sweet.sweetall of the plants there are happy and vibrant and thriving at this place . not to mention they are priced at a reasonable amount . each time i go i get 3 plants for about $ 12 .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took a friend who was visiting here , mostly because i found one of those buy one entree , get one entree on the back of the harris teeter receipt . she 's a vegetarian so i knew that thai would be a great veggie choice . likes : quick service and fun local atmosphere . thai tea . my friend got some sort of tofu noodle thing , i tried it , and it was delicious . dislikes : i love asian soup , so i got some sort of beef noodle soup . the broth was really good but the quality of the meat was lacking . as in , i picked through the beef . i always eat everything unless it is inedible . take it or leave it : take it , but next time i would try stick with tofu or chicken , or something that 's safer than beef .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "thai restaurants in charlotte are either over priced and average or just plain average ! last week while looking for lunch off of our beaten path , i remembered deejai . the place i forget i want to try , and i 'm so glad i remembered . after walking in the door , and loving the enviroment , nice big doors , and windows , bam , there was complimentary chicken soup and some kind of pork thingies . neither which i eat so , i ordered some tom kha tofu soup and it was delicious . iced thai coffee and some green curry tofu , freakin awesome and great prices ! i could n't stop talking about this place , and how i complain about no good cheap thai food in clt , so we ate it again last night for dinner . two thumbs up is what i say , padtar w tofu , spicy , heck ya it 's good . service is nice and quick and the prices are extremely affordable . it 's so nice to find new things in clt.-", "score": "4"}
{"review": "this is the best thai restaurant in charlotte in my opinion . the panang curry is amazing . everything is cooked perfectly from the veggies to the protein . the sushi is really good too . i had the red dragon roll and it was a great start to an amazing meal . not the biggest restaurant on the inside so i would strongly suggest making reservations . also , this place is on the pricier side as others have mentioned but it 's well worth every penny . good service and great food . i will be returning soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place . friendly service , great food , and really nice atmosphere . if you live in elizabeth , walk over for dinner and then catch a movie at the manner theatre . also , try the thai iced coffee . it 's delicious .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "food took over an hour to come out . was n't only our table everyone around us had the same issue . food just takes way too long to come out not worth coming here avoid", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the quality price relationship does n't get any better than this family owned thai restaurant . excellent place to meet with friends or a business lunch . service is always good , and the food excellent . i 'm addicted to panang curry ( with chicken ) , i often have to force myself to order something else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here during restaurant week . was it worth it ? probably not . their appetizers were tiny ( shumai or crab rangoon ) -- we had both . the shumai was not warm and you only got 3 little ones . the crab rangoon was good , but how can any decent restaurant mess it up ? then we had the entrees . this place probably has the worst pad thai i ever tasted . it was a reddish pad thai , which i have never seen . it just did n't taste good at all . the other entree we ordered was crispy duck which came in a red curry sauce . the curry was bland and the duck was a little overdone . the food was n't terrible but it was n't good either . i wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "food is good but the service could be better . i feel like the layout of the restaurant makes me feel elbow to elbow to strangers next to me .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "service is fine , but the food is not so thai authentic . i need to try different places .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great food , friendly staff and an all around great place to go for lunch or dinner ! grab a friend and take a chance ! you wo n't regret it !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great for dining in or take out . i wish they delivered , and i 'll continue hoping . the basil rolls are fresh and delicious . the larb is crazy good and the perfect level of spicy . i order with lettuce bc i do n't care for cabbage . the sushi is some of the best in town , but orders can sometimes take a while because they only have one sushi guru ( at least from the times i 've dined ) . my fianc\u00e9 likes their pad thai a lot , and he 's picky about pad thai . i 'm not giving 5 stars bc the menu is a bit overpriced . but it 's excellent quality and in myers park .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "had the lemongrass chicken and it was amazing . good service , good atmosphere , good price . i 've been to many a thai restaurants ( including the actual country ) so my standards for thai food are quite high , & deejai 's did not disappoint . $ 11 for a nice portion of lemongrass chicken & rice . i got it thai hot as well , which can be risky cause it will either come out covered in chilies or not hot at all , but it was the perfect amount of spice . ca n't wait to go back .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "we love deejai ! ! ! we go there a couple of times a month . one of my favorite dishes is vegetable lovers and add chicken and ask for pad prik sauce with it . it has great vegetables like broccoli , snow peas , baby corn , zucchini , and cabbage . their food ranges from a 1 which is not spicy and all the way to a 5 which is extremely spicy . we always order our food at a 3 which can be very spicy . loved their brown rice with our meals . my children love the panther roll ( sushi ) . also love the pad prik dish and pad thai . it has great food .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "sergio is awesome ! the yard always looks amazing , he and his crew do a great job , i ca n't say enough good things . we communicate via text and phone and he always responds within a day if not the same day . he does regular yard maintenance as well as special projects like tree trimming . i was also quite surprised when one afternoon i saw one of the crew actually cleaning up my pool with a skimmer . i 'm so glad to have found sergio for me yard maintenance !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "super happy with this service . they are prompt , do very good and detailed work , returned all my calls quickly . i would absolutely use this service again and recommend them .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "called sergio thursday morning to get a quote , he called back a couple hours later . came over that evening to look at my yard ( i needed weeds pulled and to flatten out the surface ) and gave me a reasonable quote . by the time i got home from work on friday the yard was done ! he sent me an invoice via email and i was able to pay on my phone using my debit card . will definitely be using him again the the future !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i spoke with sergio on a friday afternoon and he said his crew would be at my house the next morning at 0730 . he sent two guys , i only spoke with one ( carlos ) . these two were awesome ! ! ! ! showed up early but did n't come up to the house , which is perfect since we have a one year old sleeping still . they trimmed a pineapple palm and cleaned out weeds and grass growing in gravel . all of this was done in an extremely timely manner . my yard has never looked so good . price was great too . i would highly recommend these guys ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "complete rip off ! three men came and trimmed 3 tress . but first they sat and ate lunch on my sidewalk , overcharged me at the end of the whole thing . sub par work , and they broke one of my solar lights and did n't even say anything to me about it . do not use this service unless you want to overpay for lawn care !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was charged twice for sprinkler repairs , over $ 200 . i pointed out i still had issues , he said he did n't know why it still was leaking & that he could not do anything else . i called a real sprinkler company out , & they had to redo some of his mess up & a valve that he replaced is no good !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "excellent work by sergios crew . had them come out this morning to clean my backyard which was in really bad shape . they made my backyard look great . definitely recommend this company .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service ! i called sergio wednesday morning for an estimate to remove 2 bushes , he came out later that day which was awesome . his communication was excellent , we scheduled next day at 7am . they arrived and removed both bushes in a timely manner , which was surprising because one of the bushes we asked to have removed was pretty out of control . our yard looks great ! i would definitely recommend sergio and we will use him for future landscaping needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "two playgrounds one for big kids one for smaller kids . parking lot for the park . track with fitness stops and a nice grassy field in the middle . squishy ground under the play structures and shaded . bathrooms located next to the playground . water fountains . good park for the family . one pavilion with tables no grills .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "another park that we cycle to , it 's fun for all ages big grass fields bike paths two playgrounds picnic area . trees are in the growing stages nice park", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stayed here for spring training and will never stay at a comfort inn ... ever . the hotel was so dirty . the carpet in the hallway looked like it has n't been vacuumed or shampooed in years . the walkways outside looked like they have n't been power washed in ages . ice makers were literally held together by electrical tape and not functioning . the bathrooms were disgusting . floors were sticky . the location is convenient but do yourself a favor and stay at the motel 6 next door that looked renovated .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went to comfort hotel , and they give me room number 177 and it has bed bugs ! ! ! ! and it bite us ... .and i do have the pics for it ! that 's so terrible ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "bought reservation online . upon arrival there was no running water and a green pool . front desk , guy and women were not helpful or friendly . owner , aka manager was never on site . had no choice but to stay here . do not stay here , there are so many nicer hotels that will treat you better with cleaner rooms and a pool that you can actually swim in . i turned them in to the city for having a green pool . that 's what they get . you should have a clean pool next week if u stay at this dump , because they will be forced to clean it up .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ghetto ghetto ghetto people hanging out outside all the doors . the front desk was nice and the room was actually decent but the people hanging out filthy drunk at every entrance was enough to make it a one time stay . i stay in phoenix hotels 12 nights a month and this place is baddddd . i promised my wife to never do this again", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't waste your time on this dump ! not only are the rooms gross , the staff is extremely rude . i myself am not in the hospitality business , but why would the front desk clerk tell us that the room was really dirty and thats why it was n't ready in time . check in time was 3pm according to the email confirmation we received . when we arrived at 3 , we were told check in time was around 3 . this place sucks ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "do n't stay here . our shower in our room had mold all over the ceiling . they couldnt put me in a new room or even lower my bill . hotels in the area were all booked so i couldnt go anywhere else . carpets were stained bad . some lights worked in the room . the ac wall unit was falling apart . worst hotel to stay at .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is no longer a choice privileges hotel , so do not stay here if you are a member looking for points . ( or even if you are n't because we had such a horrible experience at this hotel . ) we were told you could redeem points after staying the night . you ca n't . their manager , lisa , wo n't help if you have any issues . she wo n't call you back to take care of issues . the surrounding doors of the hotel do n't work and sound travels , so it was not a good nights sleep . on another note , the choice privileges people were a whole other pain in the butt . they would n't help at all when we had issues . we found out from them that the hotel 's privileges were revoked on 1 5 16 . honestly , the program is a joke and this hotel and their staff is just another example of that .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "over priced . hot tub was broke . showers was cold . i would not stay here again", "score": "2"}
{"review": "now i must update and say that i went to the front desk with full intentions to check out and not complete my stay . the manager suggested i move to the other side of the hotel that had be renovated and was no where near the noisy pool area . this made a tremendous difference . the room was much better , however i still do n't get why they re did the entire bathroom except for the shower tiles and fixtures . they are just old and do n't look good and it down grades the whole bathroom . i still would not recommend this hotel and would not stay again . there are some many other choices . i 'd simply pay a bit more and go there . but this place did work and i was happier once i got a different room .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "such a bad experience here , smelly stinky carpets , toilets broken , light bulbs burnt out , staff does not answer phone or respond to requests , no breakfast avail cause the staff did not show up , worst thing was we left a cell phone in the room and when we called an hour later , the cleaning staff stole it and told us nothing was found ! i called the manager 5k , tried to get the gm on the phone , no response and they basically said just report it lost to your insurance.. but it was not lost they stole it . bad experience here ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this rating is about the facility only . while it appears to be clean , the place is so dark in the public areas . while i understand that electricity does cost money , if the lighting was a lot better , i 'm sure better lighting would make the property much more inviting with little effect on the bottom line . it might even improve their financial picture .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "yikes ! dirty outside and in . my first room had a broken ac , my second room had a torn screen and the window looked like a dog had `` snarked '' all over it . no remote for the tv and the elevator was filthy . so i took the stairs . what awaited me there was cigarette butts , food , crushed cans and plastic silverware all the way down . upon my arrival at the bottom was an overfull trash can with food spilling out . my suggestion , there are many other hotels in the immediate area , stay at one of them .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "upon arrival , the front desk man was incredibly rude and quite unhelpful ( i believe his name was josh ) . first of all , the room was freezing -- set to 50 degrees ; just what you want to walk into in the middle of winter . the wifi password was nowhere to be found , and the phone was broken so we were unable to contact the front desk . the couch in the living area is old and gross . the layout of the room is overall unpleasant . it does n't seem very clean . not satisfied with this stay", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is really nice . it 's clean ; the bed is comfortable ; the room has good office furniture , a fridge , and a flat screen tv ; shower was nice ; breakfast was the most elaborate i 've seen in a hotel . also , about three hours after i left , i phoned back to see if i 'd left a book in my room . the lady who answered checked with housekeeping , who then checked with the lady who cleaned the room , and then they went and double checked the room for me and called me back.-turns out the book had been crammed into my back pack , but the point is the staff went to a lot of effort to search for the book and report back to me .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as the old saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' i understand that i am staying at a budget hotel , but i expected better and received better at other budget hotels . my perception is that the people at the check-out desk seem indifferent regarding their job . upon check in i had to wait a few minutes while the people behind the desk finished their conversation . the floors in the lobby , hall , and room were dirty . the hallway smelled of smoke . the wallpaper was peeling in the room . overall the establishment seems to be neglected , it appears as no one cares anymore . with all this said , if your looking for something cheap and do n't mind `` roughing it '' then give this place a try .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i can not believe this place is even open .. the only good thing about this place is the pool ! ! ! ! the rooms are not well kept or clean ... the tub had no plug carpets dirty walls dirty furniture dirty just totaled dirty hotel should be condemned torn down to a parking lot would be the best thing for this place i do not recommend staying in this hotel and less you want to maybe bring home sports bedbugs and who knows what else this is one of the reasons that i will never return to phoenix arizona ! even given this hotel a one star rating is way too generous i would give it a -15 ... ..", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the fire alarm kept going on unrelentlessly for over an hour . someone would go turn it off , and then it 'd start back up again a few minutes later . management would n't refund anyone , despite saying we did n't have to evacuate our rooms . so we just had to endure the blaring alarm .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "for 55 plus tax ( or only 50 on hotels.com ) this place is a steal . nice desk , flat screen tv , king bed . and they have an exercise room with weight machine , free weights , elliptical , and treadmill . no fridge , no microwave but otherwise it 's like holiday inn at half the price !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my wife and i stayed here from we 'd 4-22-15 to sunday 4-26-15.we both where very pleased with our stay.staff are very good with the customer and will listen when you have a problem.the comp breakfast is just great , you can not pig howask for a better breakfast.this hoteliers shows it wear , needs a little tlc , but for the money it 's a good deal.we will return here in the future , also it is located close to the freeway and not far from shopping and places to eat . well 3 months later and this pl", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a very enjoyable , relaxed stay at the comfort inn on union hills in phoenix . the breakfast was decent , and the maid services were consistent . i will deffinetly stay there in the future . sincerely , doug harmon", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the hotel is ok , we stayed here while visiting the wet and wild water park , staff- very helpful except mr. front desk rude guy our dogs were barking alittle ( because of outside noise ) he said `` when you leave take your dos with you they bark ? ? wtheck ? there dogs hello ... if i need to bring them with me why did i pay extra for them ? anyways moving on . room- nice and clean except for our carpet stains everywhere ( maybe it was a pet friendly room ) hotel property- its summer and the pool did n't work ? it was green other then that hotel was nice and clean , morning breakfast was nice hot and cold items . all in all nice comfy stay", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i was very impressed by this visit . we checked into our room and saw that it faced the highway and smelled funny , and right away were switched to another ( ask at check in that your room not face i-17 ) the bed was very comfortable , wifi is free , room is spacious , and there is a complimentary breakfast . yes the place is older and in need of remodeling , but you are here to sleep so who cares . i would stay again , certainly .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm so upset with our stay here . i have never complained about a hotel . first the front office guy anthony was extremely rude it was unbelievable . our room smelled like car urine , and paper was peeling off the walls . we could n't change rooms due to we were on a baseball team and the hotel was full . the upstairs ice machine and elevator was broken . no towls at the pool . maid did n't get to clean our room the first day because they were so busy ! i will never stay here again . the people working here were so unhelpful ! ! we will be talking to are baseball academy to have this hotel removed from are list . also one of are friends had a conf number and was denied a room .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this was a last minute decision to stay here . i got a great deal online and it was conveniently located . the room was nice and clean . kimberley at the front desk was awesome - what a riot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the bed is sunk in , the room smells , it 's really just not all that clean . we only stayed here cause it 's pet friendly and we have our two small dogs .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "update : a trip to maricopa small claims court ended with a judgement against janice doxey , owner of old town needlework for the lost needlework project . she never responded to my wife or the court during the process . now comes the difficult part - collecting the judgement ! ( only reason for one star is yelp requirement for a rating )", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the same thing happened to me as reviewer bart . i brought in a completed project to be finished into a pillow . the item was never returned . so many lies from the owner janice . a customer who there at the same i was demanding answers from the owner , said it 's probably in the trunk of her car . it 's very sad and i have no idea how she stays in business . this is not a place i would recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! i thought i was the only person with problems with old town needlework , until i read the 3 on your side news report on them this morning . i took a piece of needlework into them about a year ago for them to make it into a pillow . i should have read the reviews before ! bottom line , still not done . they have a multitude of excuses but i still do n't have my pillow . i am really fearful that they have lost my piece that took many hours to complete .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wow ! beautiful shop and a thread selection that is rarely seen . spent some time in the store , owner is lovely . place is a real treat and very much worth the visit ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow , well done panda express all the reviews said that this location was the worst in the valley . unfortunately for me , i was freaking hungry had not eaten anything all day long . i figured i would still give it a try even if it has a terrible review . i arrive at 8:12 just to read the sign posted in on the door we will close at 8:00 today . so i go on the website it still says 9:00 yelp says 9:00 so unless you are here there is no way of knowing this information .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "typical chain location . minimal customer service , tiny portions . panda express is getting worse as a chain . portions are small and full of `` filler '' like diced potatoes so you get very little meat wise and you get nothing that even resembles the photo advertising the product . too expensive for what you get . wo n't be back .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "over spring break my family and i decided to go to scottsdale , az . and we were hungry so one lunch we went to panda express , and what a bummer , i think this is panda express at its lowest . in a restaurant you should have the ability to choose what you want to eat , not have them altered by lack of supplies . personally the service was `` ok '' at best , but the main killer was the quality of the food . i found various burnt chunks of chow mien on my plate . also when served orange chicken ( my favorite ) the lady gave me less than 1 4 a scoop and piled the crap out of my plate with fish ( which lacked any sauce making it way to fishy ) where i live there is a panda about 1 4 the size of that restaurant that knocks it out of the park every time . but you should n't base panda express of this one review . maybe you 'll have better luck .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "well my wife just picked up some dinner for us since she was running late from work . unfortunately it just went in the trash . this was the worst food i have had in my mouth in years . i have been eating panda for many years and have never had any thing like this before . it is terrible . i am a fan of panda but will never eat at this one again . this is my second bad experience at this location .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is not a very customer service oriented panda . every time i have been in there , they are cleaning grills and do not want to make any fresh entrees .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "poor customer service at this location every time ... employees have a consistent frown on their faces . they do n't even bother to put utensils for a carry out order unless you ask .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "believe the reviews . think i 'm finally done with this place . i usually just get brown rice & teriyaki chicken , so i 'm typically spared by the fact that they 're always out of everything . i always attributed it to the fact that they get a heavy lunch rush , and just do n't handle it well . today , i got there at 11:30 after working a very early morning , expecting piping hot pans of ( relatively ) fresh-looking food . to my amazement , it was the worst i 've ever seen it here ; every pan had barely 2 or 3 scoops of food , and it was all picked over with barely any meat in anything , with sauce burnt to the bottom of the pan . it immediately became apparent that they had just reheated last night 's leftovers , and had n't finished making new food for the day . absolutely appalling . not that i should have high hope for a freaking panda express ... but good grief guys .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i love panda express , and you better believe it 's good coming from a chinese girl . sure panda express is americanized chinese fast food , but it 's cheap and tasty . i love their orange chicken , broccoli beef and teriyaki chicken . i prefer panda express over peiwei , even though peiwei is closer to my house . i do n't get why this panda has only 1.5 stars , it 's a fast food joint , so what do you expect ? michelin 3 stars ? whenever i 'm at this panda express , there is usually no line and if i order something they are out they are fast about it . i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i could give this place zero stars i would . i went to get my eyebrows threaded . made an appointment in advance and had to wait 45min . then as if i was n't agitated enough already the esthetician rushed me out and in doing so cut up my eyelids , both of them . they were both bleeding and for the next week had scabs . would never ever go back for any reason . avoid at all costs", "score": "1"}
{"review": "got my eyebrows threaded for the first time ever here with an aesthetician named hannah . she was recommended to me by a co-worker . i 'm not beauty savvy so being in a salon spa type deal makes me very uncomfortable . hannah is an articulate and experienced professional who was also quite friendly and made sure i knew what was happening at all times . the threading only took a few minutes and turned out looking wonderful ! i 'm not sure if this salon is a good fit for my tastes in services but it does deliver well . in a convenient location it 's probably good for the locals who work live in the area or quick fixes .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i love getting my hair coloured , cut and styled by the lovely kristine jordan at the natural solutions location at the eaton centre . she truly knows how to treat my hair and make me look great . the last time i had visited her ( labour day long weekend ) , she had coloured my hair ( balayage in chocolate and toffee ) and gave me a quick snip to perk up my style and boy oh boy was i truly happy with the result ! she is such a sweetie too ! the price of all that loveliness is not cheap , but so worth it .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "jane has left : ( ! ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the worst place to get your hair done . when i walked up to the front desk it was not bad until this korean lady saw me and helped me out . the reason was because she thought i was korean . she first started asking me questions and then once she found out that i was not korean she got quiet and just rushed me out . the way she blow dry my hair was to flip my hair upside down and said that this was faster . my had hair was a mess after i had so much hair flyaways just sticking up like i was electrocuted . when i asked her about it she said that there was nothing that she could do about it and just sent me away to pay . it cost me over $ 100 . it was just a quick trim and no care in blowing drying my hair . i would never go there again and would never recommend it to anybody .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i believe some of the girls ( or guys ) on here who say they had bad experiences . this salon looks like it has a mix of stylists who are on very different levels of professionalism , but the times i did go , my two stylists were just fine . rob seems to truly put his customers first and gives modest honest advice . i do n't like taking advice about how i should do something for my own hair , but with him i really did n't mind .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "rude staff that do not put the customer first . my stylist was interrupted at least 5 times by other employees . at times , other stylists were reaching over me to hand off beauty supplies to one another . beyond a bad experience . my stylist was critical and did n't say one nice thing to me .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "heather is amazing ! not only is she an excellent hair stylist colourist she is also the nicest person . she makes you feel so comfortable . i went there to have her fix a very bad attempted at balayage and she totally saved my hair . my colour looks amazing . if you want to get a great cut or colour and feel totally comfortable go to heather !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "5 stars for my stylist marley ! i am one of those people who is never happy after a hair cut because i just do n't like getting my haircut , but i love what marley did with my hair . i could not be happier with the job she did . the cut is very professional , and well done . marley really took my request into consideration and added great advice when i asked for it . she clearly knows what she is doing . great stylist and i was completely assured the whole time with her skill level and knowledge . i booked this appointment 3hrs before on a tuesday and had no problems . the cut was $ 60 before tip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "got an a-line bob cut by ron here a few months ago . he was amazing . i had extremely long hair and this was my first time going short so i was super nervous . he really put me at ease and ended up doing a wonderful job ! the only reason i 'm giving it a four star rating instead of five is because ron has apparently left this location now and the receptionist said that they `` did n't know where he went or where i could find him . '' -_- was so disappointed . would have definitely gone back to get my haircut by him .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been getting my hair cut by heather for the past 4 years . she is really great and knows what she is doing . i usually worry about hair stylist cutting my hair too short but that 's not the case with heather .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "alma perez is the best ! alma perez at rms was with us every step of the way through the loan process . she made the whole home loan process very easy to understand . from the first email to the last phone call the whole experience was awesome . she was able to answer my questions very quickly when i had them and explained everything very clearly . i would recommend alma to anyone who needs any type of home loan refi . she knows her stuff !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "kristin richmond of rms is really awesome ! she made things possible for us . very professional and would highly recommend doing business with her .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "shawn mcwilliams at rms was outstanding . he made my va loan happen . he got me qualified then went above and beyond to get me a low rate and payments . shawn also went above and beyond to make sure my repairs were done . i can say this about shawn , is that he really cares he takes care of you . he answers his phone when you call . he walks you threw everything and he is straight up with you . thank you shawn for everything ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i pulled in to this auto bell for my suv to be cleaned inside out since we just had snow storm and i was going on a date so i figured i should get it cleaned before i go out for the best first impression . i pulled in and asked my car to be cleaned inside out . the guy took it through the car wash and he seemed like he was cleaning my car so i did n't check to make sure it was cleaned ( my mistake ) since i have had pretty good experience with ab in the past . so i tip him and left . when i checked it the next day , i saw it was n't clean from inside . the only thing he cleaned was the dashboard . please watch out for this location .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my roommate needed to get her car cleaned , so we decided to stop at auto bell while we were out running errands . she got the full service wash for $ 15.99 that includes vacuum of carpet and seats , exterior wash , dash , door , and console wiped down , interior window cleaning , and hand dry by the staff . this place is a joke . the car wash was n't even strong enough to get some of the bird poop off her car . the interior vacuum job was mediocre at best . the dash and console were just as dirty and dusty after as they were before - i doubt they even touched it . honestly , save your money and do it yourself or go somewhere else . i would suggest they get better management there who should be inspecting the job they do on each car .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the young lady did a great job drying off my audi a7 . however , the wheel cleaner damaged 3 of my rims . i filed a claim and never heard back from their district manager . no concern or response after a $ 25.00 wash and $ 5.00 tip . 2 stars for poor customer service . - dap", "score": "2"}
{"review": "horrible service , looked like my car was n't even vacuumed . nothing was wiped down . spent $ 15 for no reason . there was a long line by the time they were finished and i did n't have time to wait to do it again . i will never be back to this location again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "autobell is great . i 'm frugal shall we say , so i do the drive through $ 4 and occasionally get tired cleaned $ 4.50 . the staff here is always friendly and works hard . i 'm satisfied with how my car looks every time . i do with there was a vacuuming \u00e0 la carte option .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "expensive and not worth it . i just paid $ 30 for mediocre car wash that i could have done better myself .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "they were quick and efficient from what i could see . they offer a $ 4 ride through service that gives you a basic wash , no dry which is great when i just need a quick wash of my car to get off gunk .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst car wash ever ! i ca n't believe i spent $ 30 dollars on something i could 've done at the gas station .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was in desperate need of a car wash , so i stopped by auto bell . the staff was very professional . i got the $ 7.99 car wash and hand dry option , they did a great job and my exterior looks very clean and sparkly .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "crappy customer service . i was the only minority in the store the whole time ( wearing ann taylor clothes i had previously purchased at other stores ) and these biotches followed me around like i was going to steal something .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ann taylor loft clothing beats ann taylor any day . it is more stylish and less expensive . they often have great sales going on and if you are a young professional woman , this place is up there with banana republic for chic blazers and skirts . also cute shoes and accessories . 4 stars .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "high quality clothes for decent prices . if you get something on sale you can get some great deals . i have always had fantastic customer service and their return policy is very reasonable if you need to return something . this is definitely one of my favorite stores and i 'm so glad we have on in middleton !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "worst service ever .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "place is good , no hassle . i believe it is native american owned and i like to help those businesses cause lets face it , we stole all their land . friendly place , i was a bit late on a payment with no drama , a perk you wo n't get with the big names ( trust ) . i would definitely do business with them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "what a waist of time . they will waist your time ... i went online and applied for a installment loan for 2500.00 and i got a email stating i was approved and what documents i needed to bring in to finalize the loan . when i get down there it 's a whole new story . the guy behind the counter said i qualified for 200.00 . i said that wo n't help me and laughed and said to myself i can hustle that in a heartbeat lol . plus he was n't too friendly and looked like racist who hated black peoples", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is the best loan center there is in vegas . they are they to help you if you need it ! i just have fantastic things to say about this place not only are the employees very nice and helpful but , go above and beyond to help . i totally recommend this place if you need emergency money or are in a difficult time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is so long overdue . i found zach randomly on yelp about a year ago after my truck needed an alternator . it was pretty pathetic having to get towed to a shop ... a first for me . zach 's shop was the earliest open and most convenient location . since that time i have come to trust him as a superb mechanic and a great resource for all my auto questions . i most recently spent a morning getting some work done and even had not one , but two fellow customers absolutely raving about his work . it 's very nice reassurance when others have the same experience ! zach you are fantastic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "as a new girl in town , the two hardest things to find are a good hair stylist and a good mechanic . well , i definitely found the latter ! ( i 'm keeping my hair stylist in ca ... he 's too awesome to give up ! ) as far as a local mechanic ... zach at urban auto workz is top notch . i had just completed a major repair to my suspension system on my 05 nissan murano with my mechanic in california . shortly after , my front axle started leaking . my mechanic in california found zach at urban auto workz and between the two , they got my car fixed up asap ! i really depend on my car for work , so i need to know that i can take it in for repairs and trust that they are done properly ... and also know that i 'm not being taken advantage of . zach is honest , efficient , fairly priced , and most importantly , he 's a man of integrity . i will definitely be back and am thrilled to know that i 've found my local mechanic !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "couldnt figure out why my tahoe wasnt running properly . been to other shops , they couldnt figure it out . zach the owner looked at my car immediatly and figured it out within 20 mins ! one bad spark plug ! ! mind you i recently did a tune up ! he 's quick , trustworthy and doesnt give you the run around . btw he specializes in diagnostics and a c .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "been here twice and both times i have received excellent service . first time was for an ac check and fill up . second time my alternator went out on me and i barely made it there . he had me in and out in an hour , and that included a delivery of a new alternator . i wo n't take my car anywhere else .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the pleasure of having a referral to urban auto workz . zack , the owner , is incredible . i have a 2007 ford edge and the water pump went out . zack took charge , got the parts needed and my vehicle was completed when promised . it has been raining pretty hard the day i picked it up ... and yes , i went through a pretty deep section of water . the next day i still had a leak ... zack took the time to look it over and tell me that the water i drove through also had a lot of debris in it ... and it did look like a forest underneath the engine area . there is a mesh area there and all the debris collected and holding the water in . he explained to me the main reason not to do this again . feel like i was with family around zack . i would recommend urban auto workz highly ... .. i give them business a 10+++++ thanks zack for taking such good care of me and my edge ! cherrie", "score": "5"}
{"review": "honest shop that does clean work in general auto body and customs . that 's hard to find in a place like vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "needed a new transmission in my car zach was able to find me a new one at a great price and had the old one out and the new one in way faster than if i went to any of those chain auto shops ! the customer service was amazing and he made sure the car was all safe for me to drive my family in before calling me to come get it ! i wo n't ever go to any other place than urban for all my needs for my car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stands behind their work ! great guy . zach is patient and explains what you need . he works on three of our cars and i have no problem leaving our cars with him . he 's done work on our brakes or fluids and more and everything is backed by guarantees and warranty . no complaints here . i saw the other review and my question would be if they went back to the shop to allow the mechanics a chance to find what happened . i highly recommend this owner and i believe he 's super honest . as a matter of fact we will be there tomorrow after breakfast .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i needed a new belt for my alternator so i went to urban , they had the belt in stock already and mike had the old belt off and the new belt installed all in a matter of 5 minutes . great owner , great mechanics you cant go wrong .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "zach is the best ! i wo n't even consider taking my car anywhere else !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "awesome service from cameron and his team at firestone complete auto care ! ! i was having an issue with my tire and i decided to check them out since it was close to home . they made a non-car savvy person rest assured with their service and information . i love how they offer free wifi , and complimentary coffee . it 's good for a gal that loves to be on her phone . noticed , how neat and organized their store was . also ! you can tell that the boys in the boys in the garage are fast and efficient at their work ! ! will definitely be back , and recommend if you 're having car issues .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my suspension repaired and my alignment adjusted here . pierce ( store manager ) was super friendly , polite and helpful ... despite being swamped with phone calls and walk-ins ! i 'm serious ; i came here twice and both times he was totally drowning in customers , but still kept his cool and stayed friendly and polite . whoever is reading this from firestone corporate ... ..hire this poor guy some help ! ! ! do n't be so cheap -- i just paid out the ass ( $ 500 for the suspension fix ) , so i know you have the money .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "agree with z s review . no love for this location . brought vehicle in for new tires at a confirmed reservation time one hour before closing . crew struggled with balancing one of the tires and instead of making it right slapped on an unbalanced tire so they could leave by closing time . needless to say i 'm back in here two days later for them to make it right . i regret ever coming in here and will never come in again .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "ca n't say enough good things about the team working here . it 's the only place in town that i trust with my car . i appreciate that i never feel like i am being upsold or taken advantage of -- when i come in , i know exactly what services i 'm getting and what full range of options is available for me . these guys are friendly and so great to work with ! whether i 'm going in for a routine oil change , flat tire repair , or some heavy maintenance , they are honest and reasonably priced . i 'm always in and out quickly -- even on saturdays . thanks for taking care of me and my car !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scam artists . brought my car in for my ac to get fixed , they quoted me $ 1550 . paid the $ 50 diagnostic fee and left . brought it to another auto shop and the total was $ 600 with warranties . ca n't believe these fairies . do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "you all know that there are businesses out there that are just not that honest ! i 'm glad i know someone who actually is honest on this side of town to take care of all of my vehicles ! ! cool people ! ! excellent auto service ! ! you can bet you will not be taken advantage of ! ! i know because i know the man that ran this business ! he 's got an awesome crew ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i do not see how everyone gives them five stars this place is a complete ripoff ! to begin with there was a line and only one person helping people inside , i was then told me 30 to 45 minutes for my car diagnosis it took over two hours to get a callback from them them over the phone i 'm given 1 million places instead of the option to come in and look at paperwork of everything that 's needed . i 've ended up going other places to get quotes to compare and have noticed this place charges extremely high for their labor ! ! go anywhere else but here please ! !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i was given a quote for 4 new tires an oil change and possible alignment ... ... .very pricey . i asked for details about each fee ... ..it seems many of the services and fee the asked for `` are not required '' . i will not be returning ... ..my opinion ... ... rip off ! ... ... my opinion ... ... the saw female and tried to take advantage . btw ... ..i have mechanics in my family who described their quote as laughable .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i came in for an oil change last week , jimmy , cameron , and scott were super kind and caring about my car . they got me everything i needed for a good price . this was my second time coming in and i got to say they never disappoint me . they work fast and get working on the car right away . if i have any questions they are always available to answer it and i never feel like they are trying to rip me off . i also bought tires from them 2 months ago and they did everything needed without me asking . i would recommend going here for anyone that has car needs . 5 5 stars . hands down .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after the reviews and a recommendation from a co-worker i finally found my shop that i will be going to from now on . you guys are awesome ! thank you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the best in customer service especially daniel , two thumbs up to the humble manager mr aaron routh may the lord bless this store .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i highly recommend using the guys for anything you need for your car . great service and great customer service . marc is the man and took really good car of me when i came in with a flat tire . he looked up my info and found my warranty and the whole process was quick and easy . great job guys .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i called as soon as they opened up to get a price for an oil change the guy i spoke to was very helpful and answered all my questions . i set up my appointment for 2pm and i got in and got out with no problems , they even gave me a discount so my oil change was super cheat . i 'll be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we had previously purchased tires from another firestone location in texas and had a terrible experience & issues with the tires . i contacted this location looking for a resolution and marc and the rest of the crew went above & beyond to make the situation right . i ca n't thank them enough for turning a bad experience into a great one !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a fun environment every time i get my car repairs . fair pricing & job done in timely manner . can not be happier with their service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "beware ! these people are scammers ! they told me that they 're were a handful of things wrong with my car . when i went to a different auto shop for a second opinion they literally laughed and told me there was absolutely nothing wrong with my car . i thought it was odd every time i went in for an oil change they always came back and said there was something else that needed to be fixed . when in reality , they were just trying to take advantage of someone who does n't know much about cars . do not go here !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "great customer service from edwin !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "marc and jimmy have amazing customer service , i highly recommended this location ! ! ! ! went in for lower oil pan change they told me it was something else and it was going to be more . i felt like they were just trying to charge more and me not knowing about cars . but they arranged a good price ! = )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great people , friendly service , and a fair price . aaron took very good care of me and my car . i would definitely recommend them again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had a significantly positive experience that ensures i will be coming back to get my car serviced here from now on . i went in for new tires and a transmission fluid exchange . got the tires but i was advised accurately on what was best for me and my car for the transmission flush . in the process of getting my new tires , they also did a courtesy full body check and called me with options and reasoning for service without pressuring for a sale . all in all it was a great experience and my car is back in tip top shape . highly recommend this place . i specifically worked with aaron and chris there , and they had a+ quality customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "stranded in vegas with a broken car . these guys did great work & called all over to find my part for a good price . my mechanic at home told me to expect to pay about $ 1300-1400 dollars for this repairl . my price with them was $ 1354 . so i do n't feel like i was overcharged . i also like that their work has a warranty . scott was a great guy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "jimmy , thank you for the great customer service and getting me in & out asap ! ! kyle .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "thanks very much to cameron and all the guys at this firestone location . it 's great to deal with an honest national company . about five years ago i purchased a firestone lifetime wheel-alignment and tire rotation warranty when i lived in california and used it for the first time this week here in vegas . my car is a 2002 toyota in good condition . the guys at his location were warm , friendly and did the work i came in for at no charge per the warranty and did not try to up sell us . oh and did i mention they asked if we wanted coffee at least two times while we were waiting . thumbs up to the guys at this firestone location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my car into firestone on durango to get a coolant flush and inspection for my expedition limited . was told that it would be $ 84 for the coolant flush and $ 9.95 for the inspection . i 've dealt with jimmy ( the manager ) on other occasions , i bought 4 tires 2 years ago and then a brake job last year . when it was completed they had rotated my tires , checked the fluids , filters , brakes etc . the total bill was $ 10 and change . i asked jimmy about the coolant flush and he said that they checked it and it was fine and did not need to be changed . it 's so refreshing to get honest and reputable automotive service . i 've never been to other firestone car care centers but if in doubt , go to this one ! ! thanks jimmy ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these people are so amazing , the entire team has made having car trouble such a pleasant experience ! i highly recommend this location , fast & honest work ! keep up the great job guys : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "we brought our car in for general maintenance : a tuneup and fuel cleaner and to charge the air conditioning . a few days later the car is suddenly overheating , stops running and a different auto mechanic says they made pin sized holes in our radiator . we now need a million things we did n't need before bringing our car to firestone . i am no mechanic and we can not prove anything but since we have never had any problems with our vehicle before , we have come to the conclusion that it 's possible that our vehicle was sabotaged in an effort to get more business . we would not recommend firestone .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "thank you scott for taking care of our tires yesterday ! ! i can not thank you enough for the excellent service that we received . we had such a horrible experience at sam 's club and you did everything possible to ensure that we left smiling from your shop ! scott 's is an excellent service advisor and was very honest and helpful . i can not say enough good things about the level of service that we received from him . thank you again scott for making our visit to your shop a truly wonderful experience . we will continue to make sure that if we have any issues with our vehicle ... we go to only you !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i am so thankful that i have a mechanic that is reliable and trustworthy . i was getting ready to go on vacation and brought my car in for an oil change and they changed the oil and made sure nothing else was wrong with it ! when they found something else wrong they showed me the problem and made sure to finish the job that night so i did n't have to postpone my trip ! i will definitely be a continued customer !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have car nissan altima 2003 , had problem of fuel gauge went to 2880 s durango dr store . there service manager jimmy martin did diagnostics , said cluster monitor needs to be replaced . charged totally after discount $ 392 . but dash mileage went up 121k from original i had 103k after replacement and trac light was on . he advised me to contact nissan dealer to reset both . nissan auto dealer were surprised what fire stone did and they said it 's illegal to reset the dash mileage and there was no trac light option in my car and totally they replaced wrong part . which causing everything got stuck . to fix it i had to pay again to nissan $ 640 . manager in fire store was rude asked me to do what i can but he is not going to do anything .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i seldom write reviews unless i really like the service i am getting . and this place never disappoints me . although i can go to a much nearer auto service center from my home , i do n't mind driving this far just to have my car fix . cameron , jimmy and the other guys are really there to help you . they have great customer service and pleasant to deal with . so far , they have been very transparent with me on the charges and the services they are giving me . i know a lot of people are going to yelp to do research . so for people reading this review , i encourage you to have your car serviced here . it 's worth the time and money !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marc was an excellent help when it came to pricing for us , gave us the best deal in town . love that everything came with a warranty . thanks firestone for the great staff and the awesome help", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place had some of best customer service that i had . i walked in and was greeted with a hello and a hand shake by michelle . i told them i was limited on time and they had me out if there in 45 min . i will be going back there again .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i took my car in because my brakes were squeaking , figured on about a $ 300 bill . i received a call a short time after i dropped it off and was told my brakes did not require service , they have a new regular customer ! got some other work done that i could now afford-great customer service and a very clean shop . steve at max pawn", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wish i could give more stars on yelp . from the second i walked in jimmy greeted me with a handshake and was on top of my cars needs . i 'm from california and stopped by 5 other places . everyone was rude to me at all the other stops i made . my car needed brakes and rotors , jimmy jumped right on it . he had my car have a inspection and had me off and on my way back to california within 1 hr ! ! ! highly recommend this place to any local las vegas people , and anyone looking for the most professional and friendly firestone in the greater 50 states ! thanks jimmy , i will stop by again for any brake and or tire inspection or repair needs .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love this place ! had new tires put on , an oil change , a new battery put in , and an inspection done . will definitely be coming back for all my car needs ! jorge was great ! helped us every step of the way ! the tech that was working on my car , iz , was friendly as well ! they were able to show me how much battery was left and also offered to resurface the rotors . i 've always been offered to buy new rotors , never knew you could resurface them because of minor damage . i trust these guys and i like that they did not try to upsell me on tings i really did n't need ! also , the firestone card is awesome ! ! ! ! thank you jorge , iz , and everyone at firestone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the durango firestone team are absolutely the best . cameron and jimmy were very accommodating . i came in around noon to get 4 new tires . i do n't ever really know how to handle car stuff but they made it an easy experience . they answered all my questions and took care of my needs in a timely matter . the tech , aaron , was also nice and took care of my car without getting it dirty . i would definitely recommend them if you need fast , reliable service done on your car .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a screw in our tire , they could n't patch it . but were nice enough to plug the hole , as a temporary fix . we will be back . thanks so much .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "took my suv in to have one tire repaired there was a huge screw in it . i was so worried that i was going to need to purchase a new tire . it was repairable and i was on with my day just an hour or so later . mario was very nice and helped me out . i will also be bringing my vehicle back here for an oil change as well . way less than the dealer and great customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "marc jim diego and jay were all really helpful . they all had manners and made sure all my needs were satisfied .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "10 10 would recommend ! fast and reliable . jimmy and jeff were super friendly . they have excellent customer service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i was amazed at the outstanding service we received from this company . our service rep was amazing ( jimmy ) and the fact we had a complicated problem with our car , he put so much effort into getting the problem resolved and we are so thankful . this is a fine young man . thank you for your and your crews outstanding service .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is a new firestone franchise location . i found their staff to be very honest to deal with on automotive matters . their facilities are clean and comfortable . they deliver work in a timely manner and have gone the extra mile to get hard to find parts at their own expense to get a job done . you can trust your vehicle here and not have to worry about being led on a mechanics fishing trip .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great better yet , amazing ! could n't be more satisfied getting tires here ! they do an awesome job and the management is great , they have great customer service here and help anyone to satisfy what they need . i highly recommend if you need tires to come here ! the tire prices are great they beat other tire shop prices no questions asked . five stars definitely ! will definitely come back again and recommend this shop to family and friends .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just fix my van here today . the 2 fronts desks guys are polite , professional , very helpful . my car is fixed n fast i definetely recommend this place ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "these guys are the best in town and always work me in and help me out . only place i trust with my suv .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always a great experience ! take my car to this one every time and i know to expect good service . i definitely recommend this location .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is great- they are quick but do an amazing job ! all if the techs are solid so you can really have anyone and still be guaranteed an amazing job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my first experience here was sub par due to a rude male artist but today i gave them a second chance & they passed with flying colors . mimi did an amazing job with my full set , precise to my shape request , making it smooth & even . sandy then finished with a perfect execution of the color & style i wanted ! im so impressed . they explained to me the former employee no longer works there & they have new managment . im from new york so my standards are high & mimi was sweet , patent & detailed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "san tan nails offers amazing customer service ! i have never been to a nail place that cared so much about the satisfaction of a customer . the new management is awesome and i am very impressed . i recommend this place to anyone !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is fantastic ! great , welcoming service from the moment my sister and i set foot in the door ! i got an amazing pedicure done by joanna and i think i 'm hooked ! i will definitely be back", "score": "5"}
{"review": "new to gilbert and tried this nail salon and been hooked ever since . warm , friendly and clean environment . i get exactly what i ask for every time .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone does an amazing job here ! lovely clean and pretty salon . i go here only ! they never cease to exceed my expectations and keep me coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had a great experience here . i was able to book online through yelp , which i loved , and was greeted as soon as i walked in . great gel manicure and very good pedicure . some additional work on my heels would have been better but overall very cool place with modern touches and youthful vibe . update ! went back for my 2nd visit and the luxury pedicure is the way to go ! the callous remover is perfect for me and the pink scrub smells amazing and works like a charm ! my gel nails have lasted 3 weeks ! i even received an email from the owner ! class act !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this place is awesome ! they did exactly what i asked for ... they even went above and beyond and let me choose from over 100 different glitters to be sure i got exactly what i imagining . they worked quickly and had my gel manicure and regular pedicure done in just over one hour . super friendly talkative staff - i enjoyed the conversation and the break from life ! will come here always .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they are super friendly here and they do an amazing job ! best experience with gel i 've had ! ! the salon is very clean and well kept .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "you will be so happy if you go to get your nails done here , i love this place ! my gel nails always last at least 3 weeks without a chip ! and the bonus is they will play music you like if you ask them to i love you guys !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "love love love this nail salon . gel polish is long lasting and the interior recently was upgraded with a cool spa vibe . it is a treat to spend time in the salon . the owner is amazing and all of the techs are excellent . i drive past a dozen much closer shops to go to this salon . one visit and you are guaranteed to be a forever fan like me !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "after trying many different nail salons in the gilbert area since moving here , this is the best one i have found ! they are clean , do great work , and they always have enough staff so you are not rushed through your appointment .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seriously in love with this nail salon ! they are so nice and friendly . plus they do an excellent job ! once girl was so attentive to my cuticles i wanted to bring her home with me ! the pricing is very reasonable too ! i will always come here ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best gel mani & pedi in town ! ! new ownership , better customer service , wide variety of gel colors ... and the staff actually care about your experience in shop - no rushing ! go figure ! im definitely a happy customer & i 'll be back to san tan nails & spa very soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i come here i get a very good manicure done , i will highly recommend this place-professional , fast , clean.you can book service online-what is very convenient !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place ! nice , clean and everyone is so friendly . nikki did a wonderful pedi and david did a fabulous gel manicure ! i like the option of booking online and getting email confirmation and reminders . highly recommend this place !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for the first time last night after i got off work , and i was very impressed ! the staff is super friendly , salon is clean , and renee did a beautiful job on my gel manicure . usually at nail salons they rush to get you out the door and or are sometimes just plain rude , but this place gave me an overall great experience . i will definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nina is the absolute best there is in the industry . my nails are a true miracle . i had short ugly nails , nina helped me grow them out and now i have amazing beautiful gel manicured nails . never in my life could i ever last with acrylics or gel polish . now i can go 3-4 weeks . truly the best place in the valley . clark and mimi are the owners , they are so customer service driven and honestly like a part of the family now .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "renee did an awesome job ... both my daughter and i love coming to this place . i highly recommend mimi and renee ! if you are looking for an awesome manicure and or pedicure this is the place to go .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the same lady do my nails for 7 years and her business went out of business . i spent almost 2 years trying nail salons in the east valley and could not find one i liked until i found san tan nails . they are all so nice it does not matter who i get . the place in super clean and beautiful and best of all they are always staffed . look no more this is the place to go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've actually been going quite often for the french gel polish manicure . for pedicures , i would still advise skipping the mask .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am no longer a fan.. i developed an allergy to the products that are used here . that never happened to me before with any other nail salon and i get pedicures regularly . i think they switched to cheaper products or something ?", "score": "2"}
{"review": "my daughter found this place on yelp and i loved how easily we could make an appointment right on the app . we made it on a saturday morning wondering how hard it would be to get in and it was n't at all . nina did an amazing job on my nails . i had her remove the ones that i had and put a new full set pink and white and they look beautiful ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i tried this place for the first time today while my husband was across at massage envy . i needed something to do for an hour so i thought , what the heck , i 'll give this place a try . i am always a little skeptical with new nail salons because , let 's be honest , you 're not ever sure what you 're going to get . much to my surprise , this place is amazing ! the nail technician , long , did my gel manicure . he took his time , talked to me and made me feel so comfortable , like i had been a regular customer ! i am super pleased with my nails and will definitely be going back ! i also needed my eyebrows waxed , so i had mimi , who did a perfect job shaping them just the way i had expected ! this place is a total 5 star from cleanliness to professionalism ! give them a chance ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always amazing service ! beautiful people and 1st rate service ! ! ! all the staff & owners are great ! ! ! had manicure & pedicure today for myself & our girls ! ! it 's was superior service as always ! thank you ! sherri", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great customer service . my sister and i both went for our second time..and it was just as pleasing as the first time.very relaxed environment . my nails came out perfect . every detail exactly what i asked for . thank you", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had to update because i finally got some design work done on my pedicure . peter did a great job painting little flowers on my toes and added a little bit of sparkle and bling that upped the cool factor . they have 2 big books full of examples of the types of design work that they can do ; really , the sky is the limit .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite people left my old nail place so i 've been shopping for a new one . this one is conveniently located so i decided to give it a try . it was fine . prices typical . nothing bad but nothing unique either . i would n't ins coming back but i would n't feel driven to come here either .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "love this nail salon . the lady 's not only do great work but they are also super personable . i 've been coming here for almost a year now . highly recommend san tan nails & spa .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i went there based off reviews but it was terrible . i asked for a full set and gel . the guy started doing my nails and had to have him fix em twice ! ! they were two different shapes ! then he goes to add the polish and adds a totally different color at this point i just want to walk out . then the heat lamp kept shutting off so my nails were wet ! ! he used regular polish instead of gel two days later they fall off ! i tried to give them the benefit of the doubt and go back to get em fixed ! nope two days later they pop off again ! ! ! currently sitting at another place", "score": "1"}
{"review": "20 minute wait and there were 2 employees standing outside smoking . so , i took my business elsewhere .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "lani was really good ! i had a difficult design and she was so patient not to mention very gentle with the tools !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrific pedicure- the luxury pedicure is $ 35- very reasonable . nice and attentive ladies do excellent work at making you feel welcome and relaxed .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "their service is great , their chairs are great , the smell is unbearable ... i honestly will not go back here simply because the bbq place next door , mixed with the incense that they burn in the nail salon and overall nail polish smells combo are too much for me to handle . i ca n't relax with all those smells going on ! ! if they moved and cut out the incense i 'd be back over and over again ! ! if you can handle the smell , i 'd highly recommend . i 've gone twice and their gel shellac manis last and their pedis are awesome - they do the paraffin dip ! around $ 65 for both .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "i 've been going here for a year now , it is by far and away one of the best . i do n't wear acrylic nails , but i always get the gel manicure & deluxe spa pedicure with gel toe nails . this is not your typical rush in rush out place , they take their time and are perfectionists . very good at waxing too ! ! ! ! the place is bright , very clean and they dress professionally .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "this is the best nail salon i have ever been to ! ! i was silly and came right before closing time and they still took me and my friend in , on top of that they stayed open a whole hour extra just to make sure our nails were perfect ! ! i am definitely coming back to san tan nails . the best customer service ever ! i never loved my nails this much ! thanks mimi and team", "score": "5"}
{"review": "first time here and i love my nails . i did a full set . the only reason why i am not giving 5 stars is because they had me switch chairs a couple times and it was pricy to me . i paid $ 52 plus tip .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have been doing my nails for over 10 years , been to soo many different nail salons . i stopped in to san tan nails one day and loved it ! been coming here for about 6 months now and they are amazing ! not only great service , but the people are awesome as well ! only place i 'll go !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "renee is amazing i showed her a design i had wanted and she looked at the picture once and got it done perfectly ! so so happy with the way they turned out . mom and grandma had their toes done as well and were so happy with their designs : - )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i moved into the east mesa area two months ago and have struggled to find just a decent nail place . i read reviews on this place but decided to give it a shot because i was in the area and my nails and toes were hurting . they were extremely busy , and the wait for my nails after my pedicure was a little long but well worth it ! unfortunately i do n't know who it was that did my nails , but she far exceeded my expectations . they exhumed the utmost customer service and conversation between the employees and customers were like ones who have known each other for a lengthy time . the girl that does the eye lash extensions is definitely someone i know i could be friends with . her personality is all the way live . i have definitely found my spot and will recommend this place to everyone i meet !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "everyone there is great ! from a warm welcome to excellent service , it 's a great gilbert spot to get pampered ! thanks mimi and team ! - nicole", "score": "5"}
{"review": "10 10 and 5 stars . i walked into this salon on a whim months ago and i hit the jackpot . everybody is so nice and they all do amazing nails . they put so many coats on your gel nails that you can go into battle and they still come out looking fierce . hahah no but really . i did a gel manicure then went to mexico . dug in the sand , went rock climbing , played volleyball , and i got back to arizona and the nails still looked good as new ! once you go to them , you wo n't ever want to go anywhere else . just got my nails done my julie in the color peach fuzz .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "always love coming here ! ! ! mimi and her team do a fantastic job and make me feel like i 'm visiting family . thank you for another awesome pedicure !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i refuse to go anywhere else they do absolutely the best job ! i try to go ever 3 weeks and see lonnie for my gel nails and they last that if not longer which is rare . i go on my lunch break and she always has me in and out in a timely manner . i recommend her to ever person a talk to ! i feel so lick to work so close : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "had my nails done wed by traci and i just want to say how incredibly talented she is . i 'm the kind of person that can always find a flaw and i just ca n't , she is a perfectionist and i love it . she is not as fast as some of the other techs but trust me it is worth the extra 15 min . she is top notch . i actually was n't sure if i would come back due to a miscommunication with scheduling on mother 's day , however the talent here keeps me coming back .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nothing else to say but amazing place . will never go anywhere else . everyone is always nice and courteous . long is amazing and very patient ( i ca n't ever decide on a color ! ) even when they are busy they are always accommodating and nice . never had a bad experience .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "my mom and i came in on sunday for pedicures . this salon is clean , bright , and we just had a lovely experience . so glad i checked on yelp to find this place . i 'll definitely be back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i love how clean and open the salon feels . their san tan pedicure is so relaxing and they have a great polish selection . super good gel selection as well . the owner was in while i was getting my pedicure and full set , and he was walking around making sure everyone was comfortable and offering them water . great service . definitely going to continue to use this salon .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "every time i go to this salon i have an even better experience ! i am leaving for vacation to costa rica in a few days and wanted something really tropical and fun for my nails i brought in a picture from pinterest and lonnie was absolutely amazing and did a wonderful job !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have always been very patient because i know that a good nail artist takes its time sometimes . but for a fill i expect it to only take 30-45 minutes . my experience was very very frustrating . i only needed a fill and a fix . it took over an hour . the first girl who was fixing my nails obviously did n't know how to reshape or fill . so another lady stepped in and started completely reshaping them again . my nails all came out different shapes and sizes , and not to mention , i said i wanted matte nails . the came out looking like half polished , 2-week old nails . in fact , the next day i went into work and one of my co-workers said i needed to get my nails done ! i was in shock ! yes i do need to get them done but i would never go back here . the nail techs were very sweet but not talented . not suggested .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this place is a hidden gem . so easy to book an apt , you get an email confirmation and the prices are wonderful . excellent customer service and you ca n't beat the convenient location . i will definitely be coming back !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i 've been to san tan nails & spa twice now . service has always been fast and efficient . the second time i went i was a little late to my appt and got there just before 6pm ( they close at 7pm ) and needed a gel manicure . even though i was one of the last clients there , i never felt rushed or felt like a bother that they still had to be there . my nails turned out great and i look forward to going back there again for services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went for my first time for a pedicure the other day and was very pleased with my experience . mimi took her time and my nails turned out beautiful . the salon is very clean as well and the prices were reasonable . i recommend this salon and will definitely be returning .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "very relaxing . clean facility with friendly staff . amazing selection of nail services .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "recently moved to gilbert , tried a few places then found san tan nails ! excellent staff and my nails always come out perfect !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "nice staff and they did a good job on my nails . only down fall is they do n't accept cards , cash only . their atm charges a small fee and my bank did too they dongove you 5 % off if you pay cash , but still did n't make up for the bank fees . 5 stars if they accept credit cards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i san tan nails and spa ! everybody there is awesome especially mimi ! i recommend getting your nails done , pedicure and a wax ! great customer service and great price ! thank you san tan nails for being the best ! ! ! !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great service from long & lonnie . we are both return customers ! my nails have n't been this strong in the three years we 've lived in arizona . i 've even convinced my hubby to get pedicures too and it 's making a difference on his calluses . highly recommend lonnie for eyebrow waxing , too . great husband & wife team who are very professional , personable , and talented nail artists !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "terrible customer service . very long lines no matter what time of day . 3 's a crowd ? it would be nice to be 3rd in line if more than one lane were open ! if you think being there at 7am would help , you 're wrong . i just stood in line for 15min ! do n't even get me started on the starbucks line ! ! smh", "score": "1"}
{"review": "wing bar : $ 6.99 per pound ( circa 10 wings ) . i was impressed with their wing bar : barbecue , mild buffalo , dry rub breaded , dry rub breaded inferno , dry rub salt and vinegar and teriyaki . i like the teriyaki best . the wings are crispy and lightly sauced . i am a fan of buffalo wild wings . but when i do n't feel like going to bw and want something light to bring home , this satisfies my need for wings .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my favorite safeway to shop at ! i love stopping by anytime especially early mornings on my way to work . i pick up lunch and coffee - there 's a starbucks inside . they always have great products including fresh sliced fruit , probiotic drinks , and packaged salads . love love love it . my favorite grocery store by far ! it 's never crowded and the workers are so friendly !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i normally go to fry 's but i was in the neighborhood so i stopped by . it was n't busy so that 's a plus but , julia , the lady who helped me was rude and did not have any customer service what so ever . she did n't greet me and did n't even ring up all my groceries . it was like she did n't want to be there . i went in because i wanted to buy some seafood but they did n't have a seafood department . definitely will not come back to this one ever again .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i really dislike coming to this store but sometimes it is convenient from work . the customer service is very bad . i was lucky to get a smile from the man that works in the dairy . the cashiers are mostly quite and do n't acknowledge you unless they are talking badly about each other ( managers included ) .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "the starbucks here is horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! worse customer service and the people that work there are super rude , the bald guy that helped me was nothing but rude .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "2.5oz glasses of wine ? this is not a thing . please let this not become a thing .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "boxcar social has a few locations around town . this location is pretty much good for all occasions . on a quiet street in the middle of downtown , the vibe is modern and hip . boxcar social offers alcohol , coffee , as well as a food menu , making it just about ideal any time of day . i have not eaten here , yet found the coffee to be great and the space perfect . the location is central to downtown businesses , cultural attractions , and hotels . this dynamic serves to draw in a diverse crowd of entrepreneurs , hipsters , bankers , and tourists . definitely worth the stop for some place different than a mass chain .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "so happy this new location is right downtown ! the best of all the boxcar locations at a convenient new location in the heart of the business district . great for a nightcap after an evening at cactus club .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "service is decent . the menu is good and i enjoy be espresso and whiskey pairings . good enough seating and tucked in a quiet corner of temperance . good whiskey and local beer selection .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "they have a delicious cappuccino , and amazing atmosphere . the waiters are very kind , welcoming to me . their coffee has a unique taste i have never tried it before .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "went here on canada day , was not impressed . the place was really busy but that was fine . our waitress got our order wrong several times and did not know what was available or not . she was not sensitive to the fact that one of us was gluten intolerant , bringing gluten products when gluten free was clearly asked for . when it came time to get our bills , we had to wait an unreasonable amount of time to first ask for the bills , then when we got them she had charged us for twice the amount of food ordered , was exasperated with us when we asked her to fix it , and by the time we got our bills back and had finally paid , 40mins had passed . wo n't be going back . do n't recommend .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "went here with a work crowd for lunch . cute place , well decorated with a bit of a hipster vibe so a bit different for its downtown location . portions are small but priced reasonably enough so the comment is more so to those with big appetites that you may want to order something more if you are peckish . everything was tasty and service friendly , imagine will be back again as anywhere with a whiskey flight peaks my interest but not in a rush", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i have come here a few times with friends and then for an event and both experiences were great . it really comes down to a staff that is keen to go that extra mile . ask them questions ! inquiry about new drink ideas and the food . they know their stuff and love chatting !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "small shop . silent bodyguard at the door . surprisingly fabulous service . squishy , soft leather . expensive bags in brilliant colors . willing to hold a perfectly special one ... of course , wayyy too easily . four days later . still debating ... did i say soft , squishy leather in an amazing , classic wing-tipped cutout black ? ? makes me look 10 lbs thinner . must sell more cupcakes .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the boutique is small , but i like how the service here is n't too pushy . it makes a huge difference and i appreciate it . i feel in love with this bag ; but with the price tag attached to it , made me hesitate . i felt comfortable to browse to look over the bags and feel it , plus the service is was very very friendly , but not friendly comfortable . i ended up putting the bag down to think about , but they told me they had a few in stock and to take my time in making the decision . so i loved that very much . olu brought out a few other styles and colors for me to test out ... i ended up buying the bag at the end of my trip , and olu and chelsea were extremely helpful in the buying , plus offered me tips on how to care for my bag .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "tiny store with no big logo . i swear my bedroom is bigger than this store . if it was n't for my keen eye , we would n't have even seen the store . they only sell bags , which was a bummer - but the bags were indeed fabulous . oh so fabulous ! i wish i was a high roller who had enough money to shell out $ 2000 for a purse : (", "score": "3"}
{"review": "small boutique with surprisingly large collection . very professional sales people . great experience ! will definitely go back again if visit vegas .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i saved my money , i paid off my credit cards and i got my tax return back . since a trip to vegas was already in the cards , i decided to take advantage of the lower sales tax and splurge with the money i would have spent gambling . the store is tiny and only carries bags and wallets . although it 's right in the middle of the mall , it is pretty easy to miss - the sign is fairly understated . the sales staff was very helpful , explaining the different shoulder straps between the twiggy and the city , and pulled out the newest hardware ( rosegold ) and leathers ( perforated anthracite ) . i am beyond thrilled with my purchase , and ca n't wait to see the new store at crystals .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if i have the choice\uff0ci do n't even give one star . it 's my first review ever . i had bad bad bad experience . i bought a pair of boots in the store and i only wear them about 30 mins and i did n't even walk out the casino , my boots hurt my ankle real bad . then i walked back to the store to return the boots all i got was a bad attitude and no returns , not even store credit . only 30 mins , can any of u believe it . i would never buy anything from this brand any more", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went in with my godson who was looking for shoes along with my mom and sisters on 12 29 . we were immediately greeted by the sales associates who were all friendly and attentive . the sales associate who helped him was very energetic and provided helpful suggestions and shoe sizing . they answered all questions with a smile and chatted with us as we made our selections for purchase . i would highly recommend this location as we received nothing but excellence from the sales associates .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i agree with jackie m. their customer service is implacable . i placed an order over the phone for the city in gold hardware bag because retailers like nemian and barneys does n't carry anymore . disappointed and was told they stopped production . i was `` what ? no , it cant be true ! '' i was desperate enough to call the las vegas store to see if they still have the bag in stock or if it even exist ! mina at the store answered my prayers and told me i can order through the store but had to fill out a phone order form , scan id and credit card . even thing went smoothly -- i filled out the form , scan my id cc and sent it off through email . and 3 days later my bag arrived in a beautiful white box and dust bag . thanks again mina & chiemi for placing my order . i hope to visit the store in las vegas soon !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "truly incredible service in here on saturday january 25th at about 1pm pst by a wonderful gentleman whose name i neglected to get . he impressed my friend ( who had never been exposed to balenciaga before and is a bit of a louis vuitton fanatic ) and me ( a long-time balenciaga groupie ) . very memorable service , perfect products . i only wish money grew on trees . nice work on all fronts balenciaga !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "they have good service here . sale people here are good ! they let you kno when the sales are comming and show u whats new via email ! small selection in the store but they will get you whatever you want if u order !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my best experience purchasing a bbag . i 'm so glad i did an online phone order through ashley . she 's just super friendly , helpful , and kind ! the other staff are very professional , nice , and helpful as well . first off , their inventory is amazing ... they have just about everything other boutiques dept stores do not have ( especially from my area- they only seem to have black + few colors and the rest is pretty much sold out ) . i absolutely love their complimentary ups ground shipping service which comes the next day . everything 's quick and precise . fantastic customer service overall . i will only continue to shop here for bal goodies and i hope to visit the store when i 'm in vegas . thank you , ashley , for a great shopping experience !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "scott was very helpful and knowledgeable , unfortunately , i could n't decide which color i wanted that night so i ended up buying from the balenciaga store that was in our hotel 's ( aria ) shops instead ( right before we left ) . i would recommend you visit and speak to scott if you have any questions about your purchase .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the boutiques was tiny , and sign was really small . i had to look up directory to find the exact location . 5 starts for the customer service . scott was very friendly and patience . he has helped me select the best leather . i am very happy with his assistance .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i have purchased several bags from balenciaga and this location , and always left thrilled . after visiting the weekend of new years , chiemi helped me and sadly did not have what i was looking for however ... she took down my info and i was certain it was to humor me and not actually follow up with me . not only did she follow up with me , but twice -- different bags and weeks apart . leading me to purchasing another bag i did n't need , but loved ! . she was really sweet , professional and accommodating . if ur in vegas go visit her and do n't be fooled . they have an ridiculous back stock . request chiemi and she will make sure you leave happy .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "wow . this was a pretty terrible meal for way too much $ $ $ . the hawaiian pizza was tasteless and she stuffed it in the oven for 1 min and expected it to be warm- not . the chicken wings were tiny and not very tasty . the fries were the only thing that was passable ... wo n't be back", "score": "2"}
{"review": "came here a couple times because i really like pizza pizza pizza . however . for some reason , i just do n't like the pizza that they make here . it 's not the same as some of the other pizza pizza pizza 's . ha . i love doing that . i think it may be due to the fact that the pizza by the slice here was a little old each time and when they re-heated it , it did n't help .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "recomendable ! fuimos para comer un poco de pizza y esperando no gastar mucho y as\u00ed fue . la pizza tenia una masa crujiente de la que no dejamos ni los bordes . buena cantidad de ingredientes sin ser excesivos , pero lo mas destacable tanto por cantidad como por calidad es su salsa de tomate ! buen precio tanto para las porciones y sobretodo en los combos . por lo que pude ver , las ofertas para grupos tambi\u00e9n sal\u00edan muy rentables . el espacio no es muy amplio , pero suficiente para comer unas porciones . el servicio fue mas que correcto y facilitador a la hora de escoger .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "unfortunately the negative aspects associated with franchises hold true to this location . the food is bland , unimaginative , and stock . i do n't know what i was expecting , but apparently they now offer chilli ... ... ..", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i came here the other day to pick up pizza mostly because i just got my nails done up the street . the service was ok , most pizza from pizza pizza tastes the same . the guy taking my order was pretty good . the not so good ... i used the washroom . gross . it was early evening , and someone had puked in the sink . the toilets were a mess . it was gross . g r o s s. i had already ordered so the damage was done . upon picking up , the guy at the cash seemed flustered by the customer in front of me . they have a ton of promotions but i think it 's hard for them if you make changes . i ordered a full pizza with stuff ... i think they can manage to get you slices easily ...", "score": "2"}
{"review": "toronto is perhaps the only place where i have found halal pepperoni pizza ! excitement ! ! ! hehe ... the pizza was ok not bad , but definitely needed more pepperoni . i 'd probably try it out again when i 'm back in canada . this place is recommended for kids !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i am at school waiting for my pizza . it was supposed to be here 30 mins ago and i am furious . this is outrageous . how dare you let 500 starving girls wait for their lunch ! ! i am so upset . this is n't even the first time ... so many times that this has happened . please improve your delivery time . i am upset again . please fix this issue asap . update : it is now half an hour later . i have been waiting for one hour . people have to perform", "score": "1"}
{"review": "this is where i go when i want a pizza a quick bite to eat . prices are definitely better than pizzaiolo which is way pricier . the pizza here is ok , nothing amazing . maybe 3 stars . one thing i would like to point out is that the staff in this location is very dishonest . whenever they have a promotion , for example when they give you a cineplex two-for-one coupon , they always cheat you ! it has happened several times - too many for this to be just a coincidence . they give you the pizza and whatever else you might have ordered , but conveniently enough they always seem to forget the coupon . every time i had to check and then go back and ask for the coupon . for this reason this location at yonge and eglinton gets 1 star only .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 'm from los angeles and i loved their pizza ! ! the cheese pizza tastes amazing after 3am ! lol", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i like that they have a variety of pizza slices - some have chicken , and one is even made with whole wheat crust . the concept is simple - you order your slice and they slide it in to the giant oven to heat it up . what i ca n't understand is how they manage to screw that up . sometimes they leave it in for 4 or 5 minutes and it comes out hot , and sometimes they leave it in for 2 minutes and it comes out slightly warm , without the cheese all melted . on a completely different note , there is an upstairs seating area here . it is the most plain and sterile looking 'restaurant ' i 've ever seen , and it is always very quiet , because they do n't play any music . once i went up there and saw a girl sleeping on a table . for a while i thought she might be dead , but then , half-way through my pizza , she woke up and went back to reading her book .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "unfortunately i recieved a soggy under done pizza today , i was told that this was the best pizza place by my canadian friend . he called them back for me and they declined to send another because the idiots are so sure about making undercooked pizza is best . we also got wings and pop both were great except for the freaking pizza going to the trash rather than me going over there and slamming the soggy pie on the cook 's face . i 'm just going elsewhere for my food for now on .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "only takes cash or check ! ! ! so , this is not always a deal breaker , and i have been here before and went out of my way to return . i did n't either remember this rule , or it changed since i last visited , since i usually do n't carry either . they wo n't pay the fee for the credit card machine , but want me to dish out money for checks or atm fees ... makes me mad on principle . and there is a starbucks literally across the street or other local joints that will gladly take my debit credit cards down the a little ways away that i will now know to frequent instead .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i ate here twice this week . the first time with 5 others for a lunch meeting ; the second time with my wife & daughter for a light brunch . both days were warm and muggy so i started with an iced coffee . well done . ca n't go wrong with alterra . for my work lunch i ordered the cblt , a nicely toasted blt with a thick cut of bacon and some cheddar melted in . the lettuce and tomato are fresh , as is the `` fresh fruit '' on the side . today , my wife had an egg sandwich with ham . it was huge , like an omelette on the same toasted bread as my blt a few days before . the yogurt parfait my daughter ordered had fresh fruit and crunchy granola . the power was out while we were there today , but the staff worked hard to serve everything on the menu . kudos to them all and to this great little place in middleton .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "stopped in because i was looking for a breakfast sandwich on the way to work . the place seemed nice . i was a little taken back by the price of their basic english muffin sandwich ( $ 6.25 ) but decided to give it a shot . went to pay ... . `` oh sorry , we only accept cash or check '' . told them to cancel my order . i know there are places that do n't accept plastic ( my favorite being the curve on park st. ) but in my opinion this is simply not acceptable for an upscale place at premium pricing . also with so many places to choose from in the madison area i 'm certainly not going to make a special `` cash trip '' just to dine at your establishment .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i 've only been here two or three times and i agree that this little cafe is a well kept secret . the food is good and healthy , the fireplace cozy , and the original art on the walls is a nice touch . great place to meet a friend for lunch . have n't tried breakfast or bakery but the chai latte was warm and tasty . they also have some vegetarian choices . about a year ago we went and the lobster bisque was really salty , but i would n't hesitate to order soup from them again . i picked up the fabulous arts commission calendar there last year and this year . just found out they have free wi-fi . check their hours before you go and bring cash or check , no cc .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "weak food for yuppies . overpriced . underwhelming . and you 're surrounded by west siders who should really know better ... but of course do n't .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "nice place for meetings . many tables spread out through the space . food is very good . cup of soup included bread and pieces of fruit which was a sweet surprise . the salted pecan pie latte is also a nice fall diversion from pumpkin latte . nice to have another local establishment . bummed they only take cash as i rarely carry cash and for me that 's why a star was lost .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i desperately needed some lunch and came on this gem . i had the almond chicken salad sandwich on a fresh 7-grain bagette with corn & bean salad . the sandwich was amazing . i did n't really care for the salad , but that did n't taint my experience .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been back here several times since my first review , and have been continually impressed with prairie . the food is always spot on and the atmosphere is so comfortable . the cafe sandwiches take one step towards gourmet -- the tuna and egg salads are made in-house with a little twist from the same old . all are served with a choice of side ; i favor the black bean and corn salad . breakfast is no exception to prairie 's perfection -- my scrambled eggs with spinach and pesto were fresh and filling . and it 's hard to go wrong with any of the real fruit smoothies or coffee drinks . prairie is exactly the way a cafe should be .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great atmosphere . higher end suburban location . prairie style decoration . went there on a friday morning and it is definitely the retiree hot spot ! you stand in line to order but made to order plates are delivered to you by table numbers . i ordered the corned beef hash.very corned beefy -- ok with that . it 's shaved meat not ground up . very oniony -- not ok with that . and it should have been crispier . weak on the potatoes in my hash and hubby 's side to his eggs . overall , lots of food though ! i got the multigrain baguette as my bread choice and it was a lot ! scrambled eggs also seemed like more than the promised two eggs . nice staff . less than $ 20 for two of us and they took my credit card .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the coffee was delicious . the food was good . it was n't the best breakfast i 've ever had but it was solid . cash only .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "if you need a tasty breakfast for cheap , saunter in here ( well , the sauntering might cause some dirty looks -- it 's pretty low key ) . this place has tasty treats behind the glass case , and a variety of breakfast dishes on their menu . i love the vast bread choices , and the fact that they serve alterra coffee ( our fave ) . a bit of interesting art to view , and a nice sunny place to sit outside , if you choose . yay for sundays .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere and great food , especially the breakfast ! the stuffed french toast special is fantastic . i may be a bit biased because i 've gone there growing up", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i think this is a good place to come for breakfast or lunch . the food is definitely homemade and tasty . straightforward and good quality . i 've often had the salads featured on their board and have really enjoyed them . additionally , i 've had soups and smoothies - also tasty and homey ( in a good way ) . i would certainly recommend this place . it can get busy . cash check only and open until 2 .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "my food was surprisingly good but the tuna salad had some odd ingredients . read my full review !", "score": "4"}
{"review": "a completely unexpected find . while on a trip to madison we wandered into this cafe after checking out the local grocery across the street ( it 's an odd obsession of ours to check out grocery stores when in a new town ) . when you 're starving and pop into the first place you see , you hope for a sandwich with no mold on the bread and a halfway clean glass for your soda . this was light years beyond that . i had the special salad of the day . it was delicious , a mixture of greens with just a sprinkling of crunchy celery , and full of huge chunks of the tastiest creamy blue cheese i 've had in a very long time . my lunch companion had soup which she declared to also be delicious . decor was a tad dark , and since we were there for a late lunch we were the only ones not sitting alone playing with laptops . however , the tchotkes and lending library helped create a friendly neighborhood hangout feel .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "just got back from having breakfast with the girls ! it rocked ! excellent breakfast ! two of us had the scramble special & one had a scone - to die for ! great atmosphere ! easy place to meet family & friends and or work ! i 'll be going back very soon ! : )", "score": "5"}
{"review": "delicious food . good prices . they serve alterra coffee - awesome ! my only complaint is that they do n't accept credit cards .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "nice atmosphere . like an upscale starbucks . we ordered coffee , chai , a breakfast sandwich and quiche of the day . was told drinks would be out in a few minutes but food would take 40 minutes . do n't know if its always like that or if they were just short staffed . but seriously 40 min for a slice of quiche and a breakfast sandwich ? we told them just make the drinks , forget the food . even so the drinks took 11 minutes . this place has potential but a wait like that is crazy . would not recommend until they work their production issues out . one star . disappointed .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i went there for sunday brunch . i had ordered a breakfast burritto and a cup of lentil soup . both of them were served with a few slices of fresh fruit ( pineapple and orange to be specific ) . the burritto was just perfect . it was quite filling without making me fall asleep as typically happens after eating at brunch places . the soup was good as well although not as good as the burritto . i would visit this place again for sure .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "from scratch pastries , breads , breakfast , lunch , dinner options cozy coffee shop atmosphere , fireplace , plenty of tables . cash only . pay at front and they will bring the food out to you . free refills on coffee . never dissapointed .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "the food is good but there are better brunch places in madison . it has a cozy feel but i ca n't tell if they want to be a cafe coffee shop or a restaurant . cash only ! i 'm not running back but will probably return at some point .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "such a cute place ! ! i was there for breakfast , and had eggs , bacon , homefries , toast and a pancake . i like variety , what can i say ? ? eggs were good . bacon and toast ok. homefries were kinda greasy , but tasted awesome . totally looked like they would be gross , but were delicious . pancake is where it 's at . seriously . just perfect . also , i believe they make their own pastries . several coffee options , too . the outside seating is so cute , too . i was there on a weekday morning , so there was n't a whole lot going on , but it was still fun to sit outside on a perfect day , and watch the traffic and people go by .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 've been here three times and had consistent experiences each time : tasty food but slow and somewhat unfriendly service .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "great location , nice atmosphere , good food . but very slow service , and overpriced . i ordered a breakfast sandwich with no meat -- it took 20 minutes and cost $ 6.75 .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "i must say i rather like this place , even though i wish they took credit cards . great pastries and tea , as well as good veggie breakfast options . not the fastest service but worth the wait .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i never thought that i 'd find a great eatery hidden in the strip mall of the new condo development near my place in middleton , but the prairie cafe is a rare find . the breakfast includes some great egg choices and bakery . and it 's frightenly cheap . seriously , food costs are going up everywhere , how can this good food be under $ 6 ? the decor is modern american cafe with fresh oil paintings and pristine booths . but i love that the semi-open kitchen gives a view to where the action is .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "great coffee , scones and eggs . also has wifi . try the scramble of the day . be sure to get there early ( or late ) on the weekends to get a good seat ! also , as others have mentioned they do n't take credit cards . there is an atm at the credit union across the parking lot .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "great place . just good quality breakfast and lunch foods .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "looks great . smells great . when they told me it would be a 30-40 minute wait for a breakfast sandwich i cancelled my order . seems like an unworkable business model . hire another cook and install another stove . came all the way here from spring green -- sad face .", "score": "1"}
{"review": "i like this place for the good food , great bakery and service is friendly quick and on point . do n't mind the stand in line order and they bring it out . love the scones and croisants on the run- or breakfast scrambles and omletes when there 's time to dine in . limited seating and an atmosphere conducive to hanging out if you get a seat - can make it a bit avoidable on weekends for dining in ; but weekdays are usually great and nothing i 've had here was n't worth the wait .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i 'm big on culture sense of community and this place rocks ! it 's cash check only and i was unprepared - an embarrassing moment until the woman behind me offered to pay and then the woman at the register did as well . that kind of culture you can not overlook ! the coffee and food were well done ! when i am in wi they will always have my support ! cheers to all who helped build the culture of this coffee shop restaurant !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "i had the tuscan chicken & 3 cheese . very yummy and served with a side choice . i chose the sliced fruit . i can say it was worth the $ 10 ... not for just the food but the ambiance . i 'd come back here to try another hot sandwich . just keep in mind , at this moment the caf\u00e9 is still cash only . walk across the street grab yourself some cash and get here for a nice sandwich .", "score": "4"}
{"review": "i happened upon this charming restaurant and loved the simple and warm feel of the place . i had visions of an egg breakfast but it was too late in the day , so the wait person suggested the quiche which did not disappoint . i was on the road so stopping at the prairie cafe was just the right thing to do .", "score": "5"}
{"review": "seemed like a nice place . however , after waiting in line for 20 minutes and taking quite a while to give our order ( because it was very loud ) we were told that it would take about 30 minutes to get our food . not exactly what i wanted to hear after waiting 20 minutes but fine . when i try to pay i am informed that they do not accept debit credit cards . cash or check only ! ! no where on the door or while in line does it say cash or check only ! there apparently is a very small sign on the register that says that but there is so much other crap posted in that area 99 % of the people there probably never saw the sign . this is just ridiculous in this day and age to not accept cards . even worse is the bs sign on the register . i will never eat here again just because of this !", "score": "1"}
{"review": "marvelous little breakfast spot . my husband and i spent the weekend in middleton and came here twice because it was so good ! really enjoyed the ambience , ordering at the register and having our food come out to the table . the fair-trade coffee was outstanding , as were the oatmeal with berries and breakfast sandwich . i was particularly blown away by the chocolate croissant , which i could n't imagine could trump my favorite at bennison 's in evanston il but it was deliciously buttery , flakey and had the best chocolate filling i 've ever had in pain chocolat ! my husband swore that his mocha was the best he 's had in his life . kind of makes us want to move out here !", "score": "5"}
{"review": "the atmosphere is great , but the food is overpriced and the employees are not friendly . both my wife and i have come to this conclusion after multiple visits trying to like the place .", "score": "2"}
{"review": "prarie cafe & bakery exists in one of those cafe restaurant purgatories in which nothing is offensive and nothing is remarkable .", "score": "3"}
{"review": "coffee was good , corned beef hash was ok but not great . service was very friendly and prompt . nice area outside to enjoy the sunshine while having breakfast .", "score": "3"}
